
8 band 

Today people live longer after retiring from work. What problems does this cause for individuals and society? What can be done?

The world is on the cusp of a sharp rise in the number of old people, and they can expect to live longer after retirement than ever before. This essay will discuss what I consider to be the major challenges this brings and propose ways in which the consequences of a rise in the number of older citizens can be mitigated.

While the addition of a decade or more to our lives can be wonderful, there are inevitably challenges that will arise for the individual. One of these is the onset of debilitating diseases such as Alzheimer and diabetes. These diseases not only make it difficult to continue to enjoy a normal life but also weigh heavily on other members of the family, who may have to bear much of the burden of care financially and/or physically. Another issue is the financial strain the elderly themselves can be under. If, for instance, they retire at the age of 65 but live beyond 90, they may well find that their savings run out, and they become either destitute or reliant on state or family care.

Clearly, society as a whole is impacted as well. As an increasing proportion of a country's resources end up being dedicated to the care of the elderly, much-needed funds are taken away from other areas of society, such as schooling and security. In the UK, for example, the budget for aged care has risen by millions of pounds, though it is still not enough to provide adequate care for pensioners. Meanwhile, schools and law enforcement have had their budgets slashed to the detriment of education standards and public safety.

In order to adapt to this new reality, several steps can be taken. The most obvious one would be to increase the age of retirement. Rather than force people to give up work at 65, which could eventually place them in dire financial circumstances, healthy individuals should be encouraged to continue working longer. This would mean more taxes paid and less money flowing out into pensions, which could make government budgets in better shape. A second simple measure would be to prioritize preventative healthcare. In other words, rather than wait for aged people to develop illnesses, the government should subsidize exercise programs, nutrition classes, and even fund practitioners to conduct home visits in order to keep elderly people active members of society for longer.

In conclusion, although there are a number of health and economic implications that an increase in life expectancy can bring, governments can take active measures to lessen its negative impact. Increasing the retirement age and providing early health services are just two approaches the authorities can adopt to reduce the pressure on aging populations.


AI Modified:
Older adults might anticipate living longer after retirement than ever before as the global population ages rapidly. This essay will discuss the main issues that this raises and offer solutions for how the effects of an increase in the population of senior folks might be tempered.

While an extra ten years or more can be a lovely addition to our life, there will surely be challenges for each individual. One of these is the beginning of crippling illnesses like Alzheimer's and diabetes.


------------------------------------------------------
7 band

One important stage in a child's growth is certainly the development of conscience, which is linked to the ability to tell right from wrong. This skill comes with time and good parenting, and my firm conviction is that punishment does not have much of a role to play in this. Therefore, I have to disagree almost entirely with the given statement. 

To some extent, the question depends on the age of the child. To punish a very young child is both wrong and foolish, as an infant will not understand what is happening or why he or she is being punished. Once the age of reason is reached, however, a child can be rewarded for good behavior and discouraged from bad. This kind but firm approach will achieve more than harsh punishment, which might entail many negative consequences unintended by the parents. 

To help a child learn the differences between right and wrong, teachers and parents should firstly provide good role modeling in their own behavior. After that, if sanctions are needed, the punishment should not be of a physical nature, as that merely sends the message that it is acceptable for larger people to hit smaller ones - an outcome that may result in the child starting to bully others. Nor should the punishment be in any way cruel. 

Rather, teachers and parents can use a variety of methods to discipline their young charges, such as detention, withdrawal of privileges, and time-out. Making the punishment fit the crime is a useful notion, which would see children being made to pick up rubbish they have dropped, clean up graffiti they have drawn, or apologize to someone they have hurt. In these ways, responsibility is developed in the child, which leads to much better future behavior than punishment.

------------------------------------------------------
8 band

It is said that countries are becoming similar to each other because of the global spread of the same products, which are now available for purchase almost anywhere. I strongly believe that this modern development is largely detrimental to culture and traditions worldwide.

A country's history, language, and ethos are all inextricably bound up in its manufactured artifacts. If the relentless advance of international brands into every corner of the world continues, these bland packages might one day completely oust the traditional objects of a nation, which would be a loss of richness and diversity in the world, as well as the sad disappearance of the manifestations of a place's character. What would a Japanese tea ceremony be without its specially crafted teapot, or a Fijian kava ritual without its bowl made from a certain type of tree bark?

Let us not forget that traditional products, whether these be medicines, cosmetics, toys, clothes, utensils, or food, provide employment for local people. The spread of multinational products can often bring in its wake a loss of jobs, as people turn to buy the new brand, perhaps thinking it is more glamorous than the one they are used to. This eventually puts old-school craftspeople out of work.

Finally, tourism numbers may also be affected, as travelers become disillusioned with finding every place just the same as the one they visited previously. To see the same products in shops the world over is boring, and does not impel visitors to open their wallets in the same way that trinkets or souvenirs unique to the particular area do.

Some may argue that all people are entitled to have access to the same products, but I say that local objects suit local conditions best, and that faceless uniformity worldwide is an unwelcome and dreary prospect. 


------------------------------------------------------
Some people think that robots are very important to human’s future development, while others think that they are dangerous and have negative effects on society. 
Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

Sample:

Artificial intelligence is witnessing game-changing development. While some argue that it may pose a threat to human beings and stall social progress, I entertain the view that it will make a huge difference to our future development.

Of all the potential losses, safety issues are the immediate concern. To illustrate, as the working environment is extremely complex when robots are in use, designers may be unable to take all factors into consideration or precisely predict every possible accident. As a result, machines driven by the encoded programs are less likely to react accurately when emergencies pop up, thus incurring heavy casualties. For instance, there have been several reports about the malfunction of the AI technology installed in the transport or manufacturing industry. However, with repeated tests and regular overhauls, those risks can be reduced. The automation technology is believed to eventually reach a high level of accuracy, precision, and sophistication.

On the other hand, machine learning technology matters a great deal to the future development of mankind. To commence, such technology can uproot the problem brought about by the aging population. Owing to the longevity of pensioners and lower birth rates, an increasing number of countries, especially developed ones, are plagued by an inadequate labor force, and such insufficiency is projected to be intensifying in the future. In this case, robots can act as eligible workers and well perform sundry tasks in the workplace even with fewer faults. Besides, people will lead a more convenient life, with intelligent machines to offer 24-hour services, which will reduce and costs of employing more staff to work in turn and meanwhile motivate people to engage themselves in more advanced fields.

In a nutshell, artificial intelligence, negative social impacts though it may bring, will play an indispensable role in future development.

