Describe a class you've taken. Why did you take it? What did you learn?

I majored in computer science and technology in college, so I took many computer-related courses. One of those courses is impressive me very much. It was called Embedded System Development and Design.
It was a compulsory course for my major, so I studied this course very seriously. It looked interesting, challenging and important to me since it was associated with my current work field.
I'm glad I studied it. It was a good and interesting class, and I learned a lot of useful and fundamental knowledge that was essential for my present work.
For example, I learned about how to design hardware, how to measure electronic signals, and how to write a source code and download it into the hardware properly. Now I understand how important the embedded system is in our daily life. I also learned a lot of debugging skills to make sure an electronic appliance works well.
The knowledge I learned in this course will help me a lot. I can not imagine how my career will become without learning this course. I still have a lot to learn, but this course was a good start.


Describe a public place you often visit in your hometown. Is it a popular place? Why do you go there?

I often go for a walk with my parents on a small path behind my house after dinner. It’s a very popular place. Many people living nearby would like to walk on this path in the evening.
This path is not so long, about one kilometer, you can see people do various activities on it, especially in the summer evening, such as walking, jogging, chatting and so on.
The main reason I go there is that I want to spend my spare time with my parents. I like watching the scenery along the way and enjoying the hustle and bustle of the surrounding crowd. It makes me feel very relaxed and calm.
This path is a good place for the elderly to relax. Sometimes we can encounter our relatives and friends occasionally, and then we greet each other and have a brief talk.
There are some other public places in my hometown, but this one is probably the nicest and the most popular. Sometimes it gets a little crowded because it's so welcome, but it's not a big problem.


Describe your favorite room in your home. What do you do there? Why do you like it?

There are lots of kinds of rooms in my house. I think the workroom is my favorite. That's where I spend most of my time at home. Although it's not the biggest room in my house, it's a very important and useful room for me.
I do a lot of things there. For example, I study and relax there. This room has some comfortable couches, a big table, and a television. So that's a good place to study and work, and I also read and watch movies.
I often do my job and watch outside of the window at the same time. Enjoying the sunlight and viewing the beautiful scenery. That's one of the main reasons I am fond of it.
This room is on the first floor of my three-story house, so it's very cool in the summer. And it's also the necessary place to get into my house, my parents and I usually treat our relatives and friends there.  It's very convenient.
The workroom is definitely my favorite room. I enjoy it more than other rooms, and I use it for many purposes. That's why I choose it to be my workroom.


Describe a TV show or movie that made a strong impression on you. What was it about? Why did it make an impression on you?

I mostly watch science fiction, action, and comedy movies when I have free time. And science fiction movies are my favorite. There is a film, called Avatar, which gives a strong impression on me. 
The plot of this movie happens several hundred years later. The earth is suffering from a shortage of natural resources. Fortunately, human beings have discovered a new planet that has rich natural resources that can be used and exploited by humans. And then the earth government decides to colonize that planet. So a war between original inhabitants and human beings started. A person who was born on earth helps original inhabitants fight against earth humans. At last, they got the victory in the war, but this person will die because he was hurt seriously.  And the original inhabitants use a special kind of magic to turn this earthman into a native person and to save his life at the same time.
This movie impresses me very much because it is the first movie that used 3D technology all over the world. Many sceneries and landscapes in this movie are very attractive. I cannot imagine how fantastic this movie is, when I first watched this movie in the cinema, more impressive than I watched ever before.


Describe an app that you often use on your phone. Why do you use it often? What do you like about it?

There are various apps installed on my mobile phone. Some of them I use every day. Such as the email app, the chat app,  some studying apps, and so on. But there is a special app, called Shanbei Listening, I use it for studying English almost every day.
From this app's name you can know this is an English studying app that only focuses on listening. There are lots of features on this app, but three of them are my favorite. First, I sometimes feel boring when I study English alone, so I can find a companion in this app. We can communicate with each other, and discuss the studying methods, and the most important is to encourage each other to study English. Second, many videos in this app are spoken by native speakers. The speaking speed of some videos is very quickly I can not follow. So this app supplies a repeated listening function that I can listen to sentence by sentence from the beginning until I can listen to it clearly and understand it completely. Third, when I watch a video, the subtitles can display bottom the cell phone screen at the same time. However, some of the words I can not understand, I only need to click this word with my finger and add it to my dictionary so that I can study and memorize this word later.
I used some English studying apps, but this one is the most useful for me. I have used it for half a year. Thanks for this app not only improves my listening skill, and also expands my English vocabulary which is beneficial for my English reading skill. I believe I will use this app all the time until I can watch English movies without subtitles.


Describe something you own that's very important to you. When did you get it? Why is it important?

So many kinds of stuff are very important for me in my life, such as my first laptop, first toy, first job, and so on. But there is one particular thing, I would like to say it is a bicycle, which is very helpful. Although it's not my first bicycle, it's the most important one.
I got this bicycle 5 years ago and bought it from the Internet for 800 yuans. I decide to buy it because my company is 3 kilometers away from my home at that time, and sometimes the traffic jam is severe on the way to my company, especially on rainy days. I ride this bike to work almost every day, and I often bike it with my friends to the suburban area on the weekends. Unfortunately, it was stolen one year after. I felt very sad. 
This bicycle is the most important for me because it helps me respond to the government's green travel plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,  and it practices my physical body and keeps me in shape at the same time. Even though it was stolen, I still need to thank this bicycle for staying with me for one year. I believe I will never forget it in my life.



Describe a current hobby. Why did you start this hobby? What do you like about it?
To be honest, I have some hobbies that I would like to talk about, such as skiing, swimming, listening to music, and so on. But a unique sport called high-intensity interval training, which comprises running, jumping, and some other motions, is currently one of my favorite hobbies.
I have heard some news on the Internet that a person sitting for more than 6 hours every day will be at high risk of heart disease, diabetes, and other sicknesses. So in order to stay healthy, I downloaded a suite of sports videos from the Internet called T25 and followed the coach's actions. This suite of sports videos has 3 advantages: 
1, I only exercise 5 times per week, no need for every day, and I have two days to recover and rest. 
2, Although every video only lasts 25 minutes, I can't get a break during the training. 
3, The training effect of this sport is fantastic, I only exercise it for roughly 3 months, and I can see my abs in front of the mirror.
Doing this special sport has become my current favorite hobby, because it not only exercises my physical body and helps me avoid a sub-health state, but also keeps a clear head and a good mood for me every day. Thanks to this sport improving my body a lot, I believe I will do it constantly in the future.



Describe a memorable event in your life. What happened? Why was it memorable? 
There are some memorable experiences in my lives, such as first studying skiing, first using an electric toothbrush, and so on. But the most memorable event for me is first having a date with a girl in college.
When I was a college student, I invited a girl I knew in an optional course to have a date with me, and she agreed. At the dating point, I could not believe what my eyes saw when she appeared in my vision
. She was wearing a white dress and walking toward me with a smile. She's so attractive to me that I could not speak a word at the beginning. In order to give her a good impression, I was obliged to talk many my high school life on the way. Then, we walked along the river after having dinner at a restaurant. At last, I took her back to the dormitory.
Although she didn't become my girlfriend later, I still felt this was a memorable experience because I could overcome my anxiety during the appointment. It proved that I was not afraid of talking with a girl. Thanks to this girl for accepting my date invitation. I think I would bury this event into my brain deeply.


Describe someone who has had a significant influence on your life. What are some of their qualities? Why have they had an influence on you?
There are some people in my life who have had significant influences on me, such as my father, my first teacher, and so on. But I think the most significant effect on me was my second leader whom I worked with in my second company after I graduated from college.
I used to be a software engineer and only had one year of work experience before I started working in my second company. I knew nothing about the company at the beginning and didn't familiarize anyone around me. So my leader was the first one to stand out to help me. He is a generous and patient person who constantly teaches me how to construct my own thinking framework when facing difficulties, how to edit source codes as a  software engineer, not just copy and paste codes as a coding machine, and how to clarify your goals by practicing. He also assisted me in other aspects of work, such as scheduling an interview with Amazon for me when he worked at Amazon. I was very grateful to him that I couldn't imagine what my career would become without his assistance and suggestions on work.
Although he immigrated to Canada in 2016, we still keep in touch with each other and often discuss some of the newest computer technology trends on the Internet.




Describe the most successful member of your family. What do they do? Why are they successful?
Different people mean different understandings of success. If I had to choose one family member to be the most successful, I think that was my father. 
My father only gained a technical secondary school diploma, but that is almost identical to the undergraduate diploma these days or even higher. He has several special techniques and skills in his life. He is an electrician who connects electric wires and repairs electric equipment. When I was a kid, the community where my family lived often suffered power cuts at night because the fuse was broken. So my father was the first person to stand out to repair it for free. That's one reason I am proud of my father. He is also a carpenter who made most of my family's furniture, such as a wardrobe, some tables, and chairs which have worked well for over 30 years. Moreover, he runs a small business that raises the whole family and supports me in finishing my college studies.
In my observation, my father's success is mainly based on his hard work, profound knowledge in the professional field, and patience with everybody and everything. Therefore, I do believe my father is the best sample of success for me.



Study IETLS brother:

1st day 6th day: 3 times

Describe a city that you think is very interesting. Where it is? What it is famous for? How you knew this city? Why do you think it is very interesting?

I have visited several cities in the past ten years, like Beijing, Shanghai, and even a foreign city, San Francisco, which I think it was the most interesting among all cities I visited.

When I was a kid, I heard the name of this city many times on TV, but I never thought I would have a chance to visit it someday. Luckily, the company where I used to work 10 years ago asked me to go to San Francisco on business. I was so excited and happy when I heard this news. This city is located in the United States, and it took over 10 hours to get there by plane from my country. When I arrived in this city, the first thing that impressed me was its weather, like fresh air, beautiful landscapes, and a clear sky. The second was how amiable the people were, and everyone said hello to me. Aside from routine work, my colleagues and I visited many places on the weekends: one was the Golden Gate Bridge, one of the most famous scenic spots and attracts people from all over the world to see; the other was the Silicon Valley, the dream place for every software engineer worldwide and established some great companies, such as Apple, Google, and so on. I even saw a squirrel eating food and climbing trees beside our hotel, which I never saw in China. 

Although the business trip only lasted half a month, it was the most meaningful and unforgettable experience in my life. If I have another chance to go to the United States, I would like to visit San Francisco again.     



2nd day: 6 times

Describe a long walk you ever had. When this happened? Where you walked? Who you were with? How did you feel about this long walk?

As human beings, we almost walk every day, like going to school, walking to the workplace, and even going for a walk to relax. If I had to describe a long walk that has happened in recent times, I think it would be visiting my grandfather's grave at the Qingming Festival this year.

Visiting our ancestor's graves is one of the traditional Chinese cultures, which is an important activity for every Chinese family, especially during the Chinese Spring Festival and the Qingming Festival. Since I went to college and worked in other cities for more than 10 years, I have never visited my grandfather's grave. So this was the first time in the past ten years. That day was a sunny day with fresh air. My parents, my mother's relatives, and I decided to visit my grandfather's grave. The destination was 30 kilometers away from my home, so we had to take a bus at first, then walk 5 kilometers to get there. Everything around the path has changed a lot. I remembered nothing except the hill where my grandfather was buried. Luckily, we spent one hour finding the right way in the end. Although the sweat soaked my clothes, I thought it was very wealthy and meaningful. We had a picnic beside the grave, chatting with each other, enjoying the beautiful landscapes on the top of the mountain, and kneeling in front of the grave to pray for luck and health in the future before we left. 

These days, visiting our ancestors' graves is not only a serious matter but a big family activity to maintain a good relationship between relatives. I am looking forward to the huge family activity at the next Spring Festival.


3th day: 6 times

Describe a rule you dislike and would like to change in the future. What it is? What it is for? Why you don't like it? Why you would like to change it?

As modern society constantly develops, many unfair regulations involving personal interests perplex everybody in my country today, such as age discrimination, gender discrimination, and academic discrimination. If I had to choose one regulation that I want to change the most, I think it would be age discrimination. That is, those people over 35 years old will not be considered.

In my country, if you open a recruitment APP, you will find out this regulation that is often highlighted in many companies' job descriptions. I think two reasons can explain this phenomenon. First, more than 10 million college students have just graduated from university in recent years, and they all want to find a good job. But the headcounts are limited. If a company employs a young adult, they must replace the other one whose age is over 35 years old. Second, compared to older employees, younger employees are more willing to work overtime, require lower salaries, and are more energetic. In my opinion, I extremely dislike this regulation because everyone all gets old. A person's ability to work is mainly based on his work efficiency and enthusiasm for work rather than his age. A person over 35 years old doesn't mean he lacks work passion and ability.
 
Suppose I don't stand up and change this regulation. In that case, it's imaginable that I will not be able to get a suitable job to afford my family before I retire. And I may feel like a useless person to society. So I must break this regulation with my rich work experience and excellent professional skill. Telling my prospective boss I am the one that you're looking for.


4th day & 13th day: 4 times

Describe a person who you follow on social media. Who he/she is? How did you know him/her? What he/she posts on social media? Why you follow him/her on social media?

As computer technology constantly develops, many celebrities and ordinary people are active on social media today. If I had to choose one person I want to talk about the most. It would be Koo Tin Lok, who is one of the Chinese movie stars I respect the most.

His Chinese name is Koo Tin Lok, and his English name is Louis Koo. I have seen him many times on TV during my childhood. Unlike other performers who have retired after earning a lot of money, he is over 50 and continues to play many important roles in movies. I followed his Sina Weibo several years ago and checked his latest status almost every week. A recent posting on his Weibo announced that the movie Warriors of Future will run next month. This film is his first science fiction film which has been produced for more than 10 years. As seen in the trailer, he acted as a warrior fighting against aliens. The reason that I respect him is that he invested large amounts of money earned from movies in Chinese education. Many schools named after him were built in poor Chinese areas. For the past 20 years, he has helped many children to continue their studies. I often see pictures of him and poor kids on social media. I feel a sense of pride and respect for him when I view these pictures.

To support his career, I decided to watch every movie he is in. I'm looking forward to watching Warriors of Future next month. Sincerely wish him a successful box office.



6th day & 1th day: 7 times
Describe a time you visited a new place. Where the new place is? When you went there? Why you went there? How do you feel about the place?

As public transportation develops constantly, I can go to many places I have never visited before. If I had to choose a new place I visited, I think it's a foreign city, San Francisco, which I only visited once.

I have heard the name of this city many times on TV during my childhood. But I never thought I would have a chance to visit it. Luckily, the company where I used to work ten years ago asked me to go to San Francisco on business. I felt excited and happy when I heard this news. This city is located in the United States, and I flew more than ten hours to get there. When I arrived in this city, the first thing that impressed me was how clean and fresh the air was. The second was how amiable the people were, and everyone said hello to me. Aside from my daily routine work, my colleagues and I also went to a few places on the weekends: one was the Golden Gate Bridge, one of the most famous sights in the world, attracting people from all over the world to see; the other one was Silicon Valley, the dream place for every software engineer worldwide which has established many great companies, such as Google, Apple and so on.

Although the business trip only lasted half a month and there were so many interesting and beautiful tourist attractions that I didn't have enough time to visit yet, I thought it was the most meaningful and unforgettable experience in my life. If I have another chance to go to the United States, I would like to visit San Francisco again.


7th day: 8 times
Describe a thing you did to learn another language. What language you learned? What you did? How it helped you learn the language? How you felt about it?

As modern society develops constantly, more and more people start learning English for many reasons, like studying abroad, traveling to other countries, and making foreign friends. Studying English includes four parts: listening, speaking, reading, and writing. I think speaking is the most significant part I need to pay attention to.

There are many English learning apps on the Internet. Finding the most suitable one for me is a big problem. After testing several APPs, I decided to use one, ELSA Speaking, to improve my speaking skills. Unlike other apps that only focus on imitating pronunciation, this app improves your pronunciation as well as intonation. With more than one thousand courses in this app, you can practice. Each course contains several words and sentences you can repeatedly read aloud to improve pronunciation. This app can detect precisely which word you speak unclearly, and which syllable you pronounce incorrectly and give you detailed advice. Following the suggestions, practicing your mouth muscles, and repeatedly pronouncing will eventually correct your pronunciation. I have used this app for over three months. In the beginning, the scoring system only gave me 55 points based on my pronunciation, intonation, and fluency, but now I can get 70 points.

This APP is very popular on the Google Play market and has been downloaded over 10 million times. I strongly recommend that everyone learning English use this APP immediately. I will continue to use this APP for at least one year until the scoring system gives me 80 points. I will do whatever I can to accomplish my goal.



16th day: 8 times

Describe an item of clothing that someone gave you. What the clothing was. Who gave it to you. When you got it. Why this person gave you the clothing. 

If I had to describe a time when someone sent an item of clothing to me, I think it would be my classmate sending me a T-shirt last week. 

One of my elementary school classmates held a party last month since we didn't meet each other after graduation from elementary school. She purchased tailor-made T-shirts online and required us to wear these T-shirts during the party. Unfortunately, I missed this party due to some private matters. So my classmate said she could give the T-shirt to me at the next party. It seems that every classmate is very busy during the day and only has time to chat with each other after work. I almost forgot about this event until a few days ago. My classmate contacted me saying she was willing to send this T-shirt to me and asked where I lived. I said my home was located next to my hometown's central hospital and I would wait for her at the gate of the hospital. After 30 minutes, my classmate arrived at the hospital. Her look changed a lot when I first saw her. I hardly recognized her until she called my name. We had a brief talk about our lives in recent years. Then, she handed the T-shirt over to me before we parted. At the same time, she suggested not to miss the next party. And I gave her my promise.

I haven't seen my classmates for about 20 years. I recall many meaningful and interesting memories. I think whatever happens I will never miss the next party with my classmates.


18th day: 9 times

Describe something that you can't live without(not a computer/phone). What it is. What you do with it. How it helps you in your life. Why you can't live without it.

There are many necessities in our daily lives that people cannot live without, like water, clothes, accommodation, and so on. If I had to choose one of them that I would not be able to live without in my life, it would be electricity.

As modern society continuously develops, electricity is becoming one of the most significant things in people's lives, including my family. I use it to charge my smartphone, light up my house, and boil drinking water. It's also important for my country in industry, irrigation, and transportation. The vast majority of people living on Earth depend on it, which is also a high-tech symbol of human civilization. I cannot imagine how people would live without the use of electricity. Taking my family as an example, the vegetables and meat stored in my refrigerator would not stay fresh a few days later without electricity, and I may lose my job since I am a software engineer who relies on computers powered by electricity. It is because of electricity that I can enjoy various conveniences almost every second, which people living hundreds of years ago couldn't obtain. Therefore, it is no doubt that a large-scale power failure would result in a catastrophe in human society. 

With the rapid growth of the global population, the lack of electricity is affecting people who live in remote areas. However, many countries are striving to improve their infrastructure to address these issues. I believe people in every corner of the Earth will eventually use electricity in the future.


5th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a special day out that cost you little money/didn't cost you much. When the day was? Where you went? How much you spent? How you feel about the day?

As my country's epidemic situation is not over, many people have to spend less money during this period. If I have to choose a day I spend little money on that day, it would be the day I visited a holiday village several months ago. 

My aunt invited my family to go to a holiday village. The epidemic situation has improved, my aunt said. In order to attract more people to visit the holiday village, the boss of this resort decided to reduce the entrance fee to half. When we heard this news, my parents and I accepted my aunt's invitation. So my aunt drove a car to take us to get there. The holiday village is located in my hometown's suburban area. When we arrived at the resort, I couldn't believe it was true. We only spent 25 yuan per person to enter the holiday village, half the price of the usual fee. If the epidemic hadn't affected the holiday village, we would have to spend 50 yuan per person or even more on the national holidays. Many people were already in the resort when we crossed the gate of the holiday village. We chose a suitable camp place and started preparing a picnic, playing Mahjong, and enjoying the resort's beautiful landscapes. We had a good time at the resort. At last, we returned home in the evening.

Due to the spread of the epidemic at the beginning of this year, many people, including my family, were struggling to reduce daily expenses. To relieve the dreadful feeling caused by the epidemic, it's also good to spend less money on visiting a holiday village. I hope the epidemic situation will end as soon as possible.


8th day: 13 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a friend you like to talk with. Who he/she is? What you like to talk about? Why you like to talk with him/her? How you feel about him/her?

There are some friends on the Internet with whom I often talk. If I had to choose one of my friends I often chat with the most, it would be one of my colleagues.

We worked at the same company several years ago. He is a generous and patient person who sometimes gives me assistance at work. After we had worked together for two years, he decided to study abroad in Canada to start his new life. Even so, we often communicate with each other on the Internet. He now knows I'm preparing for the IETLS examination. So we discuss some study methods for preparing for the test. In his experience, he suggests I don't need to waste much time on reading and listening. The most important things I had to focus on were speaking and writing. He has two tips about speaking: I must prepare at least 30 topics based on my experience before my speaking test; additionally, using several keywords to construct my whole story rather than just memorizing these topics. He also thought that writing was the most challenging part of English. He advised me to expand my vocabulary and not use fixed frames in my essay.

Aside from talking about studying English, we also talk about other topics, like computer technology trends and his study experience in Canada. Although he decided to stay in Canada after graduation, maybe we would never have a chance to meet each other, but we still kept a good friendship. Thanks to him for helping me with learning English. I hope everything goes well for him in Canada. 


9th day: 13 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an important river/lake in your country. Where it is located? How big/long it is? What it looks like? Why it is imiportant?

Many rivers are located in my country, like the Yellow River, the Yangtze River, and so on. If I had to choose one river that matters the most to my nation. It would be the Yangtze River.

My elementary school textbooks illustrated this river when I was a kid. The Yangtze River is the longest river, over sixty-three hundred kilometers in my country, and crosses over eleven provinces. It flows into the ocean from west to east. It looks like a dragon on the map, and there is even a line of lyrics describing this river. Many people in my country are brought up by it. Even the capital of my country, Beijing, is more than one thousand kilometers away from this river. This city's drinking water mainly depends on it. I think it's the most significant river in my country because the living conditions of countless people living on this territory over the past thousands of years have much to do with this river. 

Aside from providing fresh water for people, it can be used for irrigation, transportation, and industry. She can be both a mother and a destroyer if we don't take care to preserve her. I can't imagine how my nation's people would live or find more suitable drinking water without the Yangtze River. Unfortunately, I never saw this river at a short distance except on TV or on the Internet. If I have a chance, I would like to view this river with my own eyes. 


10th day: 13 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a family member who you want to work with in the future. Who he/she is? Whether you worked together before? What kind of work you would like to do with him/her? How you feel about this family member.

The relationship between Chinese relatives is complex, and there are many members in a traditional Chinese family, like my aunts, uncles, nephews, and so on. If I had to choose one of my family members with whom I want to work the most, it would be one of my older female cousins. 

She is 4 years older than me and lives in another city. As a result, we are unable to meet very often. In my memory, she is an extroverted and diligent salesman selling products on the Internet. Once she resolves to do something challenging, she will take action to achieve it as soon as possible without hesitation. But she isn't good at any computer skills. Compared to me, a software engineer, I am an introvert who has difficulty making decisions quickly since I constantly worry about what problems I will face and the best way to deal with them. So I think it's possible for us to use our advantages to counteract each other's weaknesses. Running a small business online or selling goods in a live broadcast. She can take advantage of her merits and remarkable eloquence to sell items on the Internet. And I can use my professional skills to tackle any technical issues.

Although all of these come from my imagination, we might never work together because we live in different cities and work in different fields. But nothing is impossible. Perhaps we really have a chance to work together and do some surprising things someday. Who knows.


11th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an interesting neighbor. Who he/she is? How you knew him/her? What you do together? Why he/she is interesting?

Several neighbors live nearby my house. If I had to choose one of them that is the most interesting. It would be an old couple living next to my house.

This couple has lived next to my house for over 10 years since I was a kid. We often greet each other if we meet outside of our house. Due to we aren't the same generation and have different work and rest habits, we don't work or play together. Even so, we're all fond of shopping online and usually help each other receive packages if they or my family aren't home. Two things about my neighbor that always make me laugh and I feel interesting. The older woman frequently uses a local dialect to yell at the man, who doesn't do something better. The older man doesn't give any response to the woman except to simply lower his head. The other is that the woman feeds a very pretty and cute cat, but she never allows the cat to run out of the house. If the cat does so, the voice of the woman calling the cat can be heard at a long distance. As a result, the cat is very timid and scary whenever I see it. 

Although the couple and my family don't do anything together, we would do the same things at some festivals, such as pasting red couplets at the Chinese Spring Festival, visiting our ancestor's graves at the Qingming festival, and so on. To maintain good relationships, we sometimes help each other in our daily lives.  


12th day: 13 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time when someone asked for you opinion. Who asked for your opinion. Why he/she wanted to know your opinion. What opinion you gave. How you felt when she/he asked for your opinion.

Nowadays, we often ask for our friends' suggestions in our daily lives, such as which garment is most suitable before attending a party, how to choose a laptop, and so on. If I had to describe a time when someone came to me for my advice. I think that would be my aunt asking for my opinion before her son applies to the university. 

I received a call 3 years ago from my aunt, who asked me how to choose a major in college because her son would attend university soon. Because I graduated from university over 10 years ago and have worked for over 10 years. As a result, my aunt thought asking for my opinion on how to select a suitable major in college was more advisable. In my experience, I gave her two options: one was choosing computer-related majors, which have been proven to be more competitive after graduation in recent years. The other was choosing law-related majors, which would help her son prepare for the civil service examination after graduation. With the increase in employment pressure in recent years, more and more undergraduates, postgraduates, and even doctoral students are taking the civil service examination to become civil servants after completing their studies in college. Therefore, if her son wants to earn large amounts of money, computer-related majors are the most appropriate choice. Otherwise, law-related majors would be better. 

Although my aunt listened to my suggestions, she didn't make any decisions for her son. Maybe she already had a few ideas in her mind that she needed to discuss with her son. But from her perspective, I think she would advise her son to select a law-related major because being a civil servant would be more promising there days.


13th day & 4th day: 13 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a popular/well-known person in your country. Who this person is. What he/she has done. Why he/she is popular. How you feel about this person.

Many celebrities in my country are active on social media today. If I had to choose one of them to talk about. I think that would be Koo Tin Look, one of the most famous movie stars in my country.

His Chinese name is Koo Tin Lok, and his English name is Louis Koo. I have seen him many times on TV during my childhood. Unlike other celebrities who have retired after earning lots of money. He is over 50 and continues to play many key roles in movies. I followed his Sina Weibo several years ago and checked his latest status almost every week. A recent posting on his Weibo announced that the movie Warriors of Future is running. This film is his first science fiction film which has been produced for over 10 years. As seen in the trailer, he acted as a warrior fighting against aliens. The reason that he is very popular in my country and I respect him is that he invested large amounts of money in Chinese education. Many schools named after him were built in poor Chinese areas. For the past 20 years, he has helped many poor kids to continue their studies. I often saw pictures of him and many poor children on social media. Viewing these pictures makes me feel pride and respect for him.

To support his career, I decided to watch every movie he is in. I'm looking forward to watching the movie Warriors of Future if I'm free. Sincerely wish him a successful box office.



14th day: 15 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe something you do to keep fit and healthy. What it is. When you do it. Who you do it with. Why it is important to keep fit and healthy. Why it can help you keep fit and healthy. 

Nowadays, more and more people pay more attention to keeping fit and healthy, such as exercising in a gym, improving their diets, and so on. If I had to describe one thing I'm doing to stay in shape and be healthy. I think it would be a particular sport, High-Intensity Interval Training or HIIT, which combines running, jumping, and rest. I almost exercise every afternoon.

I have read many articles on the Internet that people with a sedentary lifestyle would be at higher risk of diabetes, obesity, and other diseases. This is harmful to me as a software engineer who has to sit in front of the computer for over 6 hours every day. Nevertheless, studies also indicated that if such people exercise for half an hour each day, the risk can be significantly reduced. To counteract the negative effects of a sedentary lifestyle, I downloaded a suite of HIIT videos called T25 from the Internet. After that, I practiced according to the coach's instructions. This video has three advantages: first, it's very short and only lasts 25 minutes for each. Second, I don't need to exercise every day, 5 times per week is enough. Finally, the training effect is amazing. I can see my abs in front of a mirror after exercising for three months.

With the increased work pressure in modern society, more people are suffering from subhealthy conditions. How to keep fit and healthy is a challenge for everybody today. Thanks to this video, my physical body has improved a lot. I feel more energetic and healthier. I believe I will continue to exercise with this video until it becomes one of my daily routines.



15th day: 14 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an invention that has changed the world in a positive way. What it is. What benefits it has brought. How it influences people of different ages. How it change people's lives.

With the development of technology, many products invented over the past 100 years have changed our world, such as the automobile, electricity, satellite, and so on. If I had to choose one of them that changed our world wholly, I think that would be the mobile phone. 

Writing letters was a common way for people to stay in touch with one another during the last century. However, people can now talk with their friends and families almost anywhere and anytime through their cell phones. Aside from the basic voice call provided by a smartphone, people can also use them for video calls, surfing the Internet, watching a live performance, and other meaningful events. As the technology of the Internet has constantly developed over the past 10 years, access to the smartphone is not a big deal for people of any age today. As you can see, many students take advantage of their cell phones to attend remote education. Young adults can hold business meetings through cell phones, and even elderly adults can use them for consulting doctors about their illnesses. These features have altered people's lives a lot in recent years. I can't imagine how people would live without the use of a cell phone. 

Even though the cell phone brings many positive effects on people's lives, we also need to be aware of some other negative effects arising from the cell phone, like smartphone addiction, and the issue of eyestrain. As long as the cell phone is used appropriately, I believe the device can benefit people in more positive ways in the future.



17th day: 14 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a way/change that helps you save a lot of time. What it is. How you implement it. How difficult it is. How you feel about the way/change.

Time is the most valuable thing in one's lifetime. If I had to describe a method that could improve my time use on a daily basis. I think that would be to create a timetable.

Unlike other material factors, like treasure, power, and status. All of us only have 24 hours each day, which means how to use these 24 hours effectively is a big deal for everybody today. In my opinion, the best way for me to spend time productively is to establish a timetable, writing everything I want to do onto this timetable during the day, especially executing a project at work or learning a new technique. At the beginning of my preparation for the IELTS examination, I found it was quite difficult to organize and execute my study schedule, like what time is the most suitable for me to practice speaking and writing, or how to improve my schedule if the previous mission didn't finish on time. In spite of this, I continuously improved my timetable and gradually adapted to it after struggling for over 2 weeks. I can now finish every task on the timetable within a fixed time. Completing these tasks each day makes me feel a sense of achievement.

My schedule was occasionally interrupted by some accidental events, but it wouldn't prevent me from completing my timetable. Thanks to this method, my learning efficiency has improved a lot. I think I will continue to execute my timetable until I accomplish my goal.
 


19th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an occasion that you lost something. What you lost. When and where you lost it. What you did to find it. How you felt about it.

I'm not a careless person in my daily life, and I rarely lose my personal belongings. The only exception is I lost my iPhone6 on the way to my workplace several years ago.

I was working in the capital of my country, Beijing, 6 years ago. That day was a bit cold, so I put on a jacket with my iPhone6 inside. I headed to my office by bus in the morning as usual. Because it was the morning peak for work, many people had already packed onto the bus I wanted to take. Therefore, I squeezed into the bus with lots of effort. All I remember is that I made an effort to approach the back door of the bus because I would have gotten off after 30 minutes. Finally, I reached the back door and got off the bus successfully. Unfortunately, I found my iPhone6 was lost when I put my hands into my pocket. I was very nervous and tried to recall what happened on the bus but I remembered nothing. I calmed myself down and decided to call the police. After the police officer understood the whole event, he told me that the probability of retrieving my phone was very low. I felt very sad. The only thing I can do was lock down my iPhone6 to prevent my personal privacy from leaking and report the loss of my SIM card to my service provider. 

This losing experience taught me to carefully preserve my belongings anywhere and anytime, especially in a place that is overcrowded. Although this event has passed for over 6 years, I still remind of my iPhone6 occasionally. 


20th day: 11 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a movie you watched recently and would like to watch again. What type of movie it was. What is was about. Where you watched it. Why you would like to watch it again.

There are various types of movies running in my country recently, including comedy, action, and science fiction. If I had to choose one I want to watch again, it would be Warriors of Future, produced by Koo Tin Lok, one of my nation's most famous movie stars. 

This movie is his first science fiction film which has been produced for over 10 years. Last month I noticed a message on his Sina Weibo announcing that the movie would run in 2 weeks. Therefore, I decided to watch it on the premiere day. Luckily, there is a cinema about half a kilometer from my house. I bought a ticket and walked 5 minutes to get there to watch this movie. I was shocked by the visual effect of this movie after watching it. It is definitely the first science fiction film with the finest 3D special effects in the history of Chinese cinema. The plot of this movie was simple, the vast majority of people living on Earth 50 years later are suffering from harsh environmental conditions. However, a meteorite with extraterrestrial life lands on Earth which can help purify the polluted air. A war between humans and aliens breaks out. Humanity needs to limit the growth of alien creatures while preventing their extinction.

To be honest, the plot is easy to understand, but the purpose of watching this movie is not only to enjoy the visual effect but also to support the career of this celebrity because he invested large amounts of money in Chinese education. And I plan to watch this movie again with my friends next month. 


21th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time when you saw a lot of plastic waste(e.g. in a park, on the beach, etc.). Where and when you saw the plastic waste. Why there was a lot of plastic waste. What you did after you saw them. What your thoughts were about this.

Plastic products are essential necessities in our lives, like plastic bags, plastic toys, and plastic boxes. If I had to describe a time when I saw much plastic waste, it would be at a garbage station near my house that I can see every day.

To be honest, I was never aware that plastic waste was a big deal in my daily life until I watched a documentary about plastic pollution. Then I started to notice that a garbage station near my house collects discarded products packed in disposable plastic bags, which would eventually turn into plastic waste. Due to the high density of living in my community, people dump their trash and plastic into this place that needs to be disposed of every day. Therefore, I began to worry about how to tackle these kinds of plastic waste because most of them hardly degrade within 100 years, according to the latest research. As seen in the documentary, the process in which plastic is extracted from fossil oil produces considerable carbon dioxide that is the culprit of global warming. In addition, scientists even discovered microplastics in marine creatures' guts, which has aroused widespread concern in scientific circles. 

Since I watched this documentary, I have realized that plastic waste is a vital problem for us. Although I can do nothing about it in the garbage station near my house, I can reduce the usage frequency of plastic, such as plastic bags. The first thing I can do is to use paper bags and cotton bags as better alternatives. I believe in the future we can find better strategies to address the plastic waste issue.


22th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time when you received money as a gift. When it happened. Who gave you money. Why he/she gave you money. How you used the money.

In my country, there are several cases that allow people to receive money as a gift, such as at a wedding and during the Lunar New Year. If I had to describe a time when I got money as a present, it would be at every Chinese New Year when I was under 18.

Receiving money as a gift during the Lunar New Year is part of traditional Chinese culture, which is essential for every youngster. The most memorable time I got this gift was when I was 15 years old because that was the last time I saw my grandmother. Firstly, I put on a new dress on the first day of the Lunar New Year before visiting my grandparents. Then, I kneeled down in front of them and said some blessing words to wish them health and longevity in the future. Finally, I took the money wrapped in a red paper envelope with both hands from my grandparents. Typically, I keep 20 percent of the money, and the rest is handed over to my parents because I'm not mature enough to handle it. However, my parents will give this money to me later if I ask for money to buy something needed, such as books, pencils, and toys. As I grow up, I will be able to keep more until I am 18. That is the last time I can receive this gift since I'm already a full adult. I have to be responsible for all my behaviors and make a living to feed myself.

Getting money as a gift in my life is a significant activity except for my birthday. It is not only one of my country's cultural conventions but also a key symbol during my formative stage.


23th day: 11 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a friend from your childhood. Who he/she is. Where and how you met each other. What you often did together. What made you like him/her.

In my childhood, I had some intimate friends I would never forget. If I had to choose a playmate I preferred the most, it would be the one that lived next to my house when I was under 15.

When I was a kid, my family didn't live in the current neighborhood but in a small factory yard. Some of my parents' colleagues lived in this place, too. One of their kids was my best playmate because he was a boy, and we often had fun in the yard. As I passed his house daily on the way to school, visiting his home isn't a big deal to me. We were all fond of Chinese Chess and the game of marbles, which we played the most. We also liked playing hide-and-seek games at night with other kids who lived in this yard. The most memorable activity we both took part in was a martial art class in the summer holidays when I was 9. We got up at 6 every morning during that period and followed the coach's instructions to practice. Although the pain from working out was inevitable, I thought it was worthwhile and rewarding since it was good for our bodies and spirits. Therefore, we all grew up a lot, and our friendships became closer after this lesson.

However, we rarely met now because my family moved to another community when I was 15. He was still my closest playmate in my childhood. Many delightful memories reminded me of him when I revisited the yard where I lived. I believe I will remember him forever.


24th day: 11 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a story or novel you have read that you found interesting. When you read it. What the story or novel was about. Who wrote it. Why it was interesting. 

I have read many novels during my childhood, including mythology, narrative fiction, and science fiction. If I had to choose one that I think is the most interesting, it would be Journey to The West. It's one of the four greatest classical Chinese novels created by the author of the Ming Dynasty, Wu Cheng'en.

When I was a middle school student, my teacher recommended me to read this novel because it could help expand my vocabulary. It's a mythical fiction about a journey of a master and three apprentices to the Western Regions to obtain the Buddhist Scriptures. The most impressive part is that all of them are monsters except the master, Tang Sanzang, who is the leader of this group. The first brother, Sun Wukong, is the most powerful character with many magical abilities that can solve difficulties on the trip. Zhu Bajie, the second brother, is the most engaging figure in the novel, who eats and sleeps the most and always gets into danger, needing Sun Wukong to rescue him almost every time. The third brother, Sha Wujing, is the most honest person to undertake laborious errands, like looking for food and carrying baggage. The three apprentices must be careful to protect Tang Sanzang from other monsters, who believe that eating his flesh can lead to immortality. Finally, they overcome those monsters and tackle all troubles to reach their destination smoothly.

This novel is not just an interesting story to me, but also a fable. It taught me that a person can achieve his goals as long as he resolves to do one thing and takes action to do it. 


25th day: 11 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a person you know who is from a different culture. Who he/she is. Where he/she is from. How you knew him/her. How you feel about him/her.

Nowadays, we live in a world with advanced technology and well-equipped transportation. As a result, knowing a famous person from other cultures on the Internet is not a big deal to us. If I had to choose a person from a different culture to talk about, it would be Elon Musk, one of the most successful entrepreneurs today. 

To be honest, I didn't pay much attention to Elon Musk until I watched the video of the Falcon 9 rocket launching and recycling. I started to follow his Twitter and understood everything about him. He was born into a middle-class family in South Africa and then moved to the United States with his family. He was a person with a daring and creative personality. That is why he can achieve huge commercial success, becoming the CEO of Tesla, SpaceX, and other high-tech corporations. Unlike most Chinese entrepreneurs, who just focus on their own interests, his purpose is to create something new that will make the world a better place, such as electric vehicles, autonomous driving technology, and sustainable rockets. No matter which one succeeds, it will transform our world completely. I was shocked by his Mars colonization plan, which will deliver over one million people to the Red Planet by 2050 using his Starship, one member of the sustainable rocket family. If this plan succeeds in the future, humans will be able to survive on other exoplanets.

Since understanding his entire growth history, he definitely deserved to be considered one of the most influential people in the world. I'm very much looking forward to watching Starship's first orbital launch test later this year.


26th day: 10 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe something you had to share with others. What it was. Who you  had to share it with others. How you felt about it. 

Human beings are social creatures, and sharing their experiences with others, whether delightful or distressing, can release emotional pressure. If I had to choose one thing I shared with others, it would be the recent epidemic situation in the province of my hometown. 

Since 2019, the pandemic has lasted about three years around the world. However, the situation in Gui Zhou Province, my hometown's province, deteriorated last month. The provincial capital, Gui Yang, was blocked for over half a month. All people living in the urban area were not allowed to go outside. The only thing they can do is to stay at home until the epidemic situation levels out. In this situation, they all suffered from financial problems and psychological pressures that took a long time to relieve after the epidemic. As for me, it also produced nervous feelings because the small city where I lived might also be locked down if the situation didn't improve. To counteract this negative feeling, I shared this event with one of my friends who now lives in Canada. In the beginning, he didn't believe what I said since he told me the epidemic wasn't a big deal in Canada. But he also felt sorry about this and comforted me with some words. After sharing this with him, my anxiety reduced a lot. 

Fortunately, the epidemic situation has been controlled through great effort. People have started to do their daily routines, returning to school and the workplace. Everything is back to normal as usual. I believe we will eventually get over the epidemic situation. 


27th day: 11 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an outdoor activity you did in a new place. Where and when you went there. What the activity was. Whether you ask for help in the activity. Why you atteded the activity.

I'm a software engineer, so I often don't have enough free time to relax after work. However, I still squeeze time to participate in outdoor activities with my friends and relatives. If I had to choose a recent outdoor activity to talk about, it would be visiting my grandfather's tomb at the Qingming Festival this year. 

Visiting ancestors' tombs with relatives is an important part of traditional Chinese culture, especially during the Lunar New Year and the Qingming Festival. I haven't gone to my grandfather's tomb since I graduated from university over 10 years ago and worked in other cities. This was the first time I visited my grandfather's grave in the past 10 years. My parents decided to go to my grandfather's tomb one day before the Qingming Festival this year. Fortunately, the weather on that day was sunny. The destination is over 30 kilometers from my home, so my parents and relatives had to take a bus first, then trek 5 kilometers to get there. It has been a long time since I last visited my grandfather's tomb, so I remember nothing except the hill where my grandfather was buried. We spent an hour finding the right path and getting there without any help. Although the sweat soaked my clothes, I felt satisfied and worthwhile. 

It seems to me that visiting the tombs of our ancestors is not just a simple outdoor activity, but also a traditional Chinese convention to keep a good relationship between relatives. A similar activity will be held at the next Lunar New Year, and I'm looking forward to taking part in it. 


28th day: 9 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a place in your country or part of your country that you would like to recommend to visitors/travelers. What it is. Where it is. What people can do there. Why you would like to recommend it to visitors/travelers.

In my country, there are so many gorgeous tourist attractions, including Shaolin Temple, Huangguoshu Waterfall, and others. If I had to choose a place to recommend, it would be the Forbidden City, one of the most famous palace complexes in China today. 

The Forbidden city is located in the capital of China, Beijing, at the center of the Imperial City of Beijing. It was constructed in the Ming Dynasty about 500 years ago. Because I've worked in Beijing for over 10 years, I have visited the complex several times. More than 10 million people living in other Chinese areas and countries were attracted to see annually over the past decade. Each time I travel there, I always feel proud and shocked by its beauty, grandeur, and sense of mystery. Due to its location next to Tiananmen Square, I recommend starting with the flag-raising ceremony held at 4 in the morning every day and then heading to the Forbidden City afterward. This complex is a significant place where visitors are eager to understand Chinese history and culture. Aside from sightseeing ancient buildings, people can also take pictures and buy souvenirs they can share with their friends when they return home. Finally, they can exit from the back door of the site and then walk to the snack street behind it to enjoy the delicious food.

The Forbidden City is undoubtedly regarded as one of the most famous and historic palace complexes in China. It deserves to be visited by everyone touring Beijing. If I have another chance to go to Beijing, I would like to see the Forbidden City again.


29th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a person who inspired you to do something interesting. Who she/he is. How you knew him/her. What interesting thing you did. How he/she inspired you to do it. 

In people's daily lives, we all need a friend and a mentor to inspire us to do something interesting, like learning how to ski, exercising in a gym, and traveling to other countries. If I had to choose a person who encourages me to do something interesting, it would be one of my friends I knew several years ago. 

When I worked in Beijing 6 years ago, I often participated in some outdoor activities. And one of them was about how to build your confidence. At an activity, I met a guy who later helped me a lot. Since then, we usually hang out to talk with strangers, which is the primary content of this activity. However, I haven't done this since I returned to my hometown. Despite this, we still communicate with each other on the Internet to share some experiences. The most interesting thing he tells me a lot is to talk with strangers on the street, at a party, and on the subway. Meanwhile, he encourages me to do this kind of thing because I could feel more confident and pleasant after finishing a brief chat with a stranger. He said it's very hard at the beginning, you can feel your heart beating faster, and you worry about the refusal from others. Nevertheless, these phenomena are normal, and this is the most interesting part of doing this. Therefore, he inspires me to start with the easiest part: greeting 5 strangers every day. 

To be honest, I totally agree with my friend that getting out of my comfort zone is the key to building self-confidence. In the future, I might reconsider doing this interesting thing to build my confidence and enrich my life.


30th day: 10 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an important thing you learned(not at school or college). What it was. When you learned it. How you learned. Why it was important.

Nowadays, people can learn many knowledge and skills in different ways, such as attending university, traveling to other places, and asking for others' advice. If I had to describe a thing I learned outside of school or college, it would be gaining health-related knowledge by watching Youtuber videos.

I often surf the Internet through my smartphone or laptop if I'm free. However, most of the time, I just watch movies, play games, and listen to music. I usually don't spend too much time on boring documentaries until watching a video unintentionally last year about changing your lifestyle to stay healthy. It said that a person with a sedentary lifestyle would be at higher risk of diabetes, obesity, and other diseases. Being a software engineer who spends over 6 hours a day sitting in front of the computer, this is detrimental to me. I didn't believe what it said at first, so after watching this documentary, I watched more videos and searched for scientific articles about this. I have to admit that the information shown in the video can be trusted. I'm starting to realize that more and more people are jogging at night, hitting the gym, and improving their dietary habits to keep fit. Everyone is changing themselves to make their lives better now, and staying healthy is just one of them.

Changing my lifestyle to become healthier is essential for me to avoid subhealthy conditions. This is because having a healthy body is a key element to enjoying a wonderful life. The first thing I can do is to exercise for at least half an hour each day and go to bed earlier at night.


31th day: 12 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a difficult thing you did and succeeded. What it was. How you overcame the difficulties. Whether you got help. How you felt after you succeeded.

Some difficult things we're facing in our lives need to be addressed by skills we had, such as learning new techniques and then trying it again. If I had to choose a thing I did and eventually succeeded in, it would be playing Cities: Skylines, one of the games released on the Steam game platform. 

This game is a solution game focusing on developing cities and solving various problems during expansion. It's also a challenging game because it requires me to use effective methods to tackle issues arising from the computer. As a result, you can feel excited and have a sense of achievement after beating the computer and clearing the level. It's easy for me to manage a small town at first, but it becomes more difficult over time. And I was stuck when I governed a metropolis with 1,000,000 people living there. Since I was unable to deal with the traffic jam and monster attacking whatever strategies I used, I started to feel exhausted and frustrated. Fortunately, I found a game forum discussing how to play this game. After using some of the strategies posted on the forum, including more reasonable building styles, separating the manufacturing area from the city center, and replaying the game many times, I finally passed this level. 

This game was not only a video game for me, but it also taught me a valuable lesson. When I face a difficulty that cannot be fixed within a short time, don't give up, find another way, and try it again. I will end up beating it.


32th day: 10 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an impressive English lesson you had and enjoyed. What it was about. When you had it. What the teacher did. Why you enjoyed the lesson.

In order to improve my English speaking skills, there are some helpful study methods, such as talking with foreigners online, chatting with ourselves, and enrolling in English classes. If I had to choose an English lesson that impressed me, it would be an English course I attended online several years ago.

I was preparing for the IELTS examination 6 years ago, and the most challenging part of English for me would be speaking. Since I didn't work and study in an English environment, I decided to take lessons with a Philippine English teacher online. She impressed me with her enthusiasm and teaching attitude when I first took her class. Unlike other English teachers, they just give me some simple advice after I speak. The impressive part of her is that she retold almost every sentence I said and input them with correct grammar structures on the screen. Also, she required me to read out these sentences and then use my own language to retell them again. She always encouraged and praised me whether my performance was good or bad during the lesson. This helps improve my self-confidence and drives my enthusiasm. And I started to speak loudly and smoothly without fearing my mistakes. Although I still spoke sentences with many grammar errors after the class, it's not a big deal for me. Speaking out aloud is the most effective way to enhance speaking skills.

To be honest, having a class with this teacher is natural and comfortable for me. It's like chatting with an old friend, sharing stories with each other, and mutually praising what we are doing. Thanks to her for helping me a lot, making me feel learning English is an enjoyable thing, not a painful one anymore.


33th day: 11 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a photo you took that you are proud of. When you took it. Where you took it. What is in this photo. Why you are pound of it.

I have taken many pictures in my life. Seeing some of them gives me a sense of pride, such as winning a game, doing something challenging, and graduating from college. If I had to choose a picture I'm proud of, it would be the picture taken with colleagues several years ago.

The company where I used to work 4 years ago was a high-tech company focusing on designing the smartphone. It held an annual celebration in a hotel at the end of that year. The most important moment for me was when I received the title of excellent employee and took a picture. I still remember some of my colleagues and me standing together on the stage. We hold the certificate of honor with both hands. A photographer took a picture to capture this exciting moment for the company and us. The reason I got this award is that as a software engineer I developed a useful tool to make two components inside the device work well. To reward my contribution, my boss decided to give this title to me. Aside from getting this honor, I also got a promotion in the new year. 

Although I don't work in this company any more, I still feel proud when I view this picture. It's a symbol of working hard and encourages me to work more enthusiastically. In addition, this is a proud picture I can share with my friends. Telling them that they can also get an award if they contribute to their position, study, or any other activity.


34th day: 10 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a person you know who loves to grow plants(e.g. vegetables/fruits/flowers etc.). Who this person is. What he/she grows. Where he/she grows them. Why she/he enjoys growing plants.

People enjoy raising plants because it brings a pleasant mood to their lives. If I had to choose a person who loves growing plants, it would be my aunt growing flowers and vegetables beside her house.

Due to the fact that my aunt's family moved to their new house last year, she started to grow plants since there is a small area of the field in front of her house. In the beginning, she just grows some flowers, such as Chinese roses, orchids, and other flowers. But these plants only occupied half of the field. My aunt said instead of growing flowers completely, raising some vegetables might be a good option. Then, she started to grow some vegetables, such as cucumbers, pumpkins, and other greens. She takes care of these plants almost every day just like her kids. Last month, my aunt invited my family to have a meal at her house. She said half of the vegetables are picked from her field. They are all organic vegetables full of nutrients without any fertilizers, which benefits our bodies. My aunt also said that eating homegrown vegetables can lower her family's living costs which is another reason she prefers growing.

During the meal with my aunt's family, I found my aunt becoming more enthusiastic and delightful than ever. I would have to say growing plants is definitely a healthy hobby since it's able to please one's mood.


35th day: 10 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a person who likes to dress fashionably/well. Who he/she is. What job he/she does. What kind of clothes he/she wears. Why he/she likes fashion.

People wear fashionable clothes in their lives because they want to express their personalities, or due to job demands. If I had to choose a person who likes to dress fashionably, it would be an Internet influencer I knew several months ago.

This person is not only an Internet influencer but also an excellent dancer. He mainly imitates Michael Jackson's dancing posture and shares it with others on the Internet. I knew this guy online at the beginning of this year. And I was stunned by his dancing posture when I first watched his imitation show. He puts on various costumes during the live show, such as combat uniform, suits, and so on, and also wears a wig plus makes himself up. I can hardly find the difference between him and Michael Jackson himself. The most impressive part is that he dances for over 3 hours almost every day. Performing over 15 programs without any rest. For every program, he would insist on dressing differently so that over 10,000 audiences in the live broadcast room can enjoy a better visual effect. Although sweat soaks his clothes, he never feels exhausted. I think he wears these fashionable clothes because it may attract more people to watch his show and bring many benefits to his business. 

To be honest, the clothes this influencer wears during his show are too fashionable for me because I don't like people staring at me in my life, and also I don't want to be an Internet influencer. Even so, I still like to enjoy people who dress fashionably.


36th day: 8 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time you made a decision to wait for something. When it happened. What you waited for. Why you made the decision. How you felt while waiting.

Making a decision to wait for something urgent in our lives is a challenge for us. However, we sometimes have to do it due to various reasons. If I had to choose a time when I decided to wait for something, it would be awaiting a bus on the way to my office several years ago.

I worked in a high-tech company 4 years ago. And taking a bus to get to my workplace is one of my daily routines. I still remember that day was a rainy day, and I got up early, had breakfast, and waited for my bus to come as usual. After waiting for about 30 minutes, the bus didn't come yet. But there was an important meeting I had to attend. Therefore, I only had two options: one was taking a taxi immediately; the other was continuing to wait for my bus. Deciding which one is the best is quite difficult for me. If I choose the former, I may be on time for the meeting, but I have to pay extra. If I choose the latter, I may miss my meeting. After weighing the pros and cons, I decided to wait at most 15 minutes because it was a rainy day, and the reason that the bus didn't arrive on time might be the traffic jam. If I took a taxi, I would also be blocked on the way to my office. Luckily, the bus arrived at my bus stop after 10 minutes. Finally, I was only 2 minutes late for the meeting.

To be honest, I felt anxious and worried while waiting for my bus because if I was really late for the meeting, I might miss the key information in the meeting. 


37th day: 8 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a problem you had while shopping online or in a store. When it happened. What you bought. What problem you had. How you felt about the experience.

Shopping online is one of my daily routines, and I purchase many products on the Internet almost every week. If I had to choose an issue I faced while shopping, it would be I purchased an unsuitable down jacket on the internet. 

Last year, I wanted to buy a new down jacket because the old one I wore was broken. There are various types of down jackets on the Internet so I can't make a decision quickly. As a result, I spent much time picking one that looked fashionable, beautiful, and cozy. I placed an order immediately, and every process was normal and smooth. The package was delivered to my hands in only 3 days. I had to say it was definitely cool and stylish until I put it on. I found it was too thin to keep me warm in the cold weather. Since my hometown's winter is relatively wet and cold, I need to wear more clothes besides this down jacket. If it is so, buying this down jacket is pointless. After weighing the pros and cons, I decided to cancel the order and reject this good. Therefore, I described my situation to customer service. They approved of my return request and said sorry to me. 

Through this online shopping experience, it taught me that information on the Internet, especially advertising, isn't always trustworthy. I need to gather more information and details about an item before buying. If I find any drawbacks in the product, notifying customer service is the only way to fix it.


38th day: 8 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe an object that you think is beautiful. What it is. Where you saw it. What it looks like. Why you think it is beautiful.

There are so many beautiful objects I can see in my life. If I had to choose an object I think it's the most beautiful, it would be a hybrid vehicle produced by a Chinese manufacturing company, BYD.

I saw the images of this vehicle unintentionally on social media last year. I loved this hybrid car immediately when I first saw its pictures. I think it's the most gorgeous and stylish hybrid vehicle in my country that can compare with the most famous electric vehicle, Model Y, produced by Tesla. The surface of this car coated with silver paint is my favorite. I have watched a lot of videos about the experience of driving this car. I can imagine when I stand in front of it, I can feel a sense of pride. When looking at it from both sides, it looks like a spacecraft or a warship. Aside from its appearance, its interior decoration and internal space also impressed me a lot. Comfortable seats, a cutting-edge entertainment system, and its bright color style melt into this hybrid vehicle's total design. 

All the features I mentioned before are the main reasons that I think it's beautiful. Although it also has some drawbacks, such as its autonomous driving technology is not advanced enough, and the color of the seats is too light, it doesn't affect the good impression I already had. If I have a chance to see it in my life, I'd like to take some pictures of it. 


39th day: 8 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time you received positive feedback. What you did. Who gave you the feedback. Why he/she gave you the positive feedback. How you felt about it.

We often receive positive feedback from our friends, bosses, and others after we did something good or gave them help. If I had to choose one time when I got positive feedback, it would be when I did my neighbor a favor a month ago.

A girl living next to my house asked me to help install the light bulb last month. Her room was a bit dark when I walked into it. I had to say the height of the light bulb is very high because it was installed on the ceiling. That is why she was unable to install it by herself. She told me that she had already asked several people to help but all of them failed. After observing the surroundings of her room, I came up with a good idea. I found and put a chair in the center of her bed. Telling her to hold the chair well. Then, I stood on the chair and replaced the broken bulb with the new one. Finally, I returned to the ground and pressed the switch, and the light bulb worked normally. Everything run smoothly without any difficulties. The girl thanked me for my help and said she would have to endure the darkness all night if I didn't help her. She also expressed gratitude and thanks to me. If I need any help in my life, she is also willing to help me.

To be honest, helping this girl and receiving positive feedback makes me feel delightful. I can feel happy all day long after hearing these complimentary words. I believe helping others is an important factor for us to pursue happiness since positive feedback and praise words can inspire us in our daily lives.


40th day: 7 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time you used your cellphone/smartphone to do something important. What hapened. When it happened. How important the cellphone/smartphone was. How you felt about the experience.

Using a smartphone has been a part of our daily routines for the past 10 years. Many important things can be done on a smartphone. If I had to choose an important thing I did with a smartphone, it would be I used my cellphone to cancel an online shopping order.

Last year, I wanted to purchase a new down jacket because the old one I wore was broken. After spending much time picking one that looked fashionable, beautiful, and cozy. I placed an order and the package was delivered to my hands in only 3 days. I had to say that although this down jacket was cool and stylish, I found it was a bit unsuitable for me. This is because it was too thin to keep me warm in the winter. I need to wear more clothes besides this down jacket. If it is, buying this dress is pointless. After weighing the pros and cons, I decided to cancel the order and reject this product on my smartphone after describing my situation to customer service. Every process of canceling the order on my cellphone went smoothly. I was shocked by the shopping experience with a smartphone. It was so convenient, including placing an order, confirming the package, canceling the order, and communicating with customer service.

To be honest, I cannot imagine how I would deal with this event in a short time without using a smartphone. It is clear that the cellphone has already played a significant role in people's lives more than just being an electronic gadget for entertainment. 


41th day: 4 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a time when you forgot/missed an appointment. What the appointment was for. Who you made it with. Why you forgot/missed it. How you felt about the experience.

We sometimes miss appointments with our friends in our daily lives because of some accidental events. If I had to talk about an appointment I have missed, it would be a primary school classmate party held last month.

The class monitor of my primary school classmate organized a reunion last month because we haven't met with other classmates since we graduated from primary school 20 years ago. She invited many classmates to take part in this party, including several teachers who taught us in primary school. I accepted her invitation immediately when I received this message on my smartphone. All my classmates and I felt excited and delighted since this was the first primary school classmate party in the past 20 years. My class monitor said she had already booked a hotel where we could sing songs, chat with each other, enjoy delicious food, and particularly share some meaningful and interesting experiences that happened during primary school. Unfortunately, I missed this party because of some private family affairs that I had to deal with before attending this party. After I finished these events, this party was over. I felt sorry about this and gave my words to the class monitor that I wouldn't miss the next party.

This experience taught me if I don't want to miss an appointment with others, I have to arrange my schedule well and spare enough time for some accidental events. I think missing an appointment would give a poor impression to others.


42th day: 1 times  9-12 ---------------------------------------------

Describe a quiet place you like to go. Where it is. How you know it. How often you go there. What you do there. How you feel about the place.


