Essay types:

1:
OPINION > DISCUSSION
discuss both sides ---> give your final opinion at the end of essay

OPINION > PERSONAL VIEWPOINT
state your personal viewpoint ---> explain why ---> conclude your viewpoint at the end


2:
IDEAS > PROBLEM / SOLUTION

IDEAS > CAUSE / EFFECT

IDEAS > EVALUATE


1st essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It is important for children to learn the difference between right and wrong at an early age. Punishment is necessary to help them learn this distinction. 

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?

What sort of punishment should parents and teachers be allowed to use to teach good behavior to children?

As children are too young to discern what they should or should not do in their daily lives, how to guide them in showing correct patterns of behavior is a challenge for parents today. To a large extent, I agree with the idea that punishment plays a key role in developing children's codes of conduct.  

Firstly, punishment is to warn people that what they did was wrong and to teach them a lesson to prevent them from repeating the same mistake or making a more serious one in the future. As a result, parents as guardians are responsible for their children's harmful behaviors, which may mean compensating victims financially or facing legal penalties occasionally. Furthermore, to avoid similar events from occurring, most parents and teachers believe the act of punishing is an effective and efficient method to educate children. If youngsters injure their peers or violate school rules, minor sanctions, such as reducing their pocket money or forbidding them to eat is a great way for parents to deal with these issues without breaking their hearts; and standing outside the classroom or detention can ensure they are accurately aware of their actions producing negative effects on their class groups. Finally, according to research, a memory of undergoing suffering can be stored in humans' brains longer than a bland or delightful one; therefore, children can form positive behavior patterns through a punishing experience. 

However, all forms of grave body punishment should be prohibited in any case as this is not beneficial for children's physical and mental development. Studies have indicated that excessive punishment would ultimately prompt children to develop unhealthy personalities, such as inferiority complexes and violent tendencies, which might result in detrimental effects in their lifetime.

In conclusion, it seems to me that the purpose and effectiveness of punishment and more persistent memory traces in the brain are inextricably bound up in children's formative stage, which nurtures their concept of right and wrong. Nevertheless, let us not forget that severe physical punishment is inadvisable.

Teacher modified:
As youngsters cannot discern what they should or should not do in their daily lives, how to guide them in showing correct behavioral patterns is a challenge for parents today. To a large extent, I agree with the idea that penalties play a key role in developing youth's codes of conduct, but certain types are preferred.

Firstly, punishment is essential as it informs the children that what they did was wrong. It teaches them a lesson so they won’t repeat the same mistake or make a more serious one in the future. For example, if youngsters injure their peers or violate school rules, minor sanctions, such as reducing their pocket money or forbidding them to eat are a practical way for parents to deal with these issues without disheartening them. As for teachers, they should ask naughty students to stand outside the classroom or put them in detention to ensure they are accurately aware of their actions producing negative effects on their class groups. 

Secondly, according to the latest research, a memory of undergoing suffering can be stored in humans' brains longer than a bland or delightful one, so children can form positive behavior patterns through a punishing experience. However, all forms of grave body punishment should be prohibited in any case as this is not beneficial for children's physical and mental development. Studies have also indicated that excessive punishment would ultimately prompt children to develop unhealthy personalities, such as inferiority complexes and violent tendencies, which might result in detrimental effects in their lifetime. Thus, teachers and parents should never use this type of practice.

In conclusion, it seems to me that the purpose and effectiveness of penalties cannot be denied in the young ones’ formative stage as it nurtures their concept of morality and immorality. Nevertheless, teachers and parents should not forget that severe physical sanctions are inadvisable.

WEAK POINT:
TA 1: Writes an essay longer than the ideal word count, around 300 words would be better.
PEE model (point, explain, example), which is preferred by many examiners. 

TA 2: Incomplete introduction.

CC 1: There are some underused cohesive devices or linking words.
CC 2: Lacks some synonyms to substitute main keywords or other repetitive words.
 


2nd essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some people think that all university students should study whatever they like. Others believe that they should only be allowed to study subjects that will be useful in the future, such as those related to science and technology. 

Discuss both these views and give your opinion.

College is the educational site where people can gain knowledge and skills, and the question of whether they should or should not learn what they prefer is complex. I agree that an individual learning what subjects he/she likes is superior to learning that is compulsory. 

On the one hand, students studying what they love can accelerate the efficiency of mastering the subject and boost their imagination. The reason for this is that learning interest is the original power for students to research an obscure subject. In other words, curiosity is the most appropriate mentor for people who are eager to acquire a new technique. In this condition, they can rapidly grasp the core and difficult contents of a course by themselves without any assistance from others. Furthermore, their positive learning motivation raised from getting exposure to subjects they are interested in enables them to think deeper and also develop creative abilities. For example, the law of gravitation would have never been discovered if Newton did not express curiosity about why apples fall from trees to the ground.

On the other hand, some argue that students born into poor families are required to choose science-related or technology-related subjects since proficiency in these practical courses would be more competitive in the employment market. Their family's burden can be significantly reduced once they are employed after graduation. Moreover, the higher rate of employment can improve the reputation of the institution, which in turn would be beneficial to attract more talented people to enroll. Therefore, requiring students to learn these subjects appears to be justified at this point.

In conclusion, it seems to me that permitting people to learn courses they are keen on at college is better than forcing them to take certain specific subjects. It is obvious that learning interest is the best teacher for students, and also this is the basis for forming new knowledge and skills.


Teacher modified:
College is the educational site where people can gain knowledge and skills, and the question of whether they should or should not learn what they prefer is complex. I agree that an individual learning what subjects he/she likes is superior to learning that is compulsory. 

On the one hand, according to some groups, students studying what they love can accelerate the efficiency of mastering the subject and boost their imagination. The reason for this is that learning interest is the original power for students to research an obscure subject. In other words, curiosity is the most appropriate mentor for people who are eager to acquire a new technique. In this condition, they can rapidly grasp the core and difficult contents of a course by themselves without any assistance from others. Furthermore, their positive learning motivation raised from getting exposure to subjects they are interested in enables them to think deeper and also develop creative abilities. For example, the law of gravity would have never been discovered if Newton did not express curiosity about why apples fall from trees to the ground.

On the other hand, some argue that students born into poor families are required to choose science-related or technology-related subjects since proficiency in these practical courses would be more competitive in the employment market. Their family's burden can be significantly reduced once they are employed after graduation. Moreover, the higher rate of employment can improve the reputation of the institution, which in turn would be beneficial to attract more talented people to enroll. In Japan, for example, students are encouraged to attend academies focused on robotics and artificial intelligence to produce a population of scientists and workers whose innovations will put the country on the frontline of digital society. 

In conclusion, it seems to me that permitting people to learn courses they are keen on at college is better than forcing them to take certain specific subjects. It is obvious that learning interest is the best teacher for students, and also this is the basis for forming new knowledge and skills.

Revised according to teacher's advice:
College is the educational site where people can gain knowledge and skills, and the question of whether they should or should not learn what they prefer is complex. I agree that an individual learning what subjects he/she likes is superior to learning that is compulsory. 

On the one hand, according to some groups, students studying what they love can accelerate the efficiency of mastering the subject. The reason for this is that learning interest and curiosity are the most appropriate mentors for people who are eager to acquire a new technique. They can rapidly grasp the core and difficult contents of a course without any assistance from others. Furthermore, their positive learning motivation raised from getting exposure to subjects they are interested in enables them to think deeper and develop creativity. For example, the law of gravity would have never been discovered if Newton did not express curiosity about why apples fall from trees to the ground.

On the other hand, some argue that students are required to choose science-related or technology-related subjects since proficiency in practical courses would be more competitive in the employment market. Those courses training students' abilities to practice and problem-solving on-site are inextricably bound up with the continuous development of modern society. In Japan, for example, students are encouraged to attend academies focused on robotics and artificial intelligence to produce a population of scientists and workers whose innovations will put the country on the frontline of industrial automation. 

In conclusion, it seems to me that permitting people to learn courses they are keen on at college is better than forcing them to take certain specific subjects. It is obvious that learning interest is the best teacher for students, and also this is the basis for forming new knowledge and skills.


3th essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Countries are becoming more and more similar because people are able to buy the same products anywhere in the world. 

Do you think this is a positive or negative development?

With the continuous development of globalization, some rare products that did not exist on the local market before can now be purchased in a country without traveling to other countries in person or asking for friends' assistance who live abroad. In terms of this, I believe that the advantages of more countries moving to the same trend are much greater than its disadvantages, despite the negative effects arising from it.  

Historically, a country that isolated itself from the world would have eventually fallen behind those that opened their doors to others. It means that globalization is inevitable, and no one can stop its process. As the advancement of interaction with other countries goes further, products only sold in certain nations are now available anywhere, which is just one of the advantages of globalization, and local businesses can also learn a variety of advanced management experiences from developed countries. Furthermore, it is profitable for developing nations to learn from developed countries about tackling the issue of environmental pollution during industrialization, and how to cope with the low fertility and aging problems as the economy levels out. Meanwhile, a person can also enjoy the same quality of service when he steps into a local Nike store and can purchase the latest iPhone in most countries after it is released in the United States.

Indeed, the international competition pressure would be more intense for countries with identical industrial chains, which may mean that joblessness in high-income countries might be higher than in low-income countries. However, this is normal and acceptable for developed countries, and we should strive to balance out such differences between countries. 

Overall, it seems that, while globalization may result in some social issues for countries, such as the increasing unemployment rate and brain drain, the development process in developing countries is unstoppable. Being human beings with high IQs (intelligence quotients), we will end up coming up with appropriate strategies to address these detrimental influences.


Teacher modified:
Nations tend to be indistinguishable since citizens worldwide can purchase things that are alike. I think that the trend is a positive development.

To begin with, the world economy would be boosted, which is imperative in achieving higher standards of living. This is because when two nations have a few disparities due to the fact that citizens can purchase things that are alike, it may promote globalization. In fact, since this trend becomes prevalent, economic growth in the world has been obvious owing to the integration of markets, trading and investing with few barriers to slow the flow of products and services between nations.

Furthermore, it may promote creativity and innovation to solve problems that affect individuals all around the globe. Nations that tend to be alike mean there would be collaboration and shared resources. For instance, it is profitable for developing nations to gain knowledge from developed ones about how to tackle the issue of environmental pollution during the process of industrialization and how to deal with the low fertility and aging problems if the economy goes down. 

Lastly, the living standard gap would be eliminated. It is for this reason that the quality and level of goods and services available would be fair. For example, a person can also enjoy the same quality of service when he steps into a Nike store in his locality.

In conclusion, I reiterate that the phenomenon is a good occurrence. It would better the economy in the world, bring creativity and innovation in solving international dilemmas, and eradicates the living standard gap.


4th essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Many museums charge for admission while others are free.

Do you think the advantages of charging people for admission to museums outweigh the disadvantages?

Purchasing a ticket is a prerequisite to entering most museums, while the question of whether museums should or should not require entrance fees for visitors is complex. I disagree with the notion that charging people for admission is preferable to no charges. 

On the one hand, the threshold for entry to museums would be lowered if museums did not charge people for admission, thereby low-income families in urban areas could easily visit museums for expanding their horizons and enriching their leisure activities. It is also beneficial for children in all classes, who are all entitled to enter the museum to gain the knowledge they cannot learn from daily life or books. Additionally, museums are inextricably bound up with local popularity. Free admission to museums could attract more people from other districts, which in turn would boost the reputation of the locality. Finally, this can also increase local government revenues, allowing the local authority to invest more funds in upgrading the facilities of museums to provide a better sightseeing experience.

Conversely, some argue that free-of-charge results in a number of issues that cannot be easily resolved, such as overcrowding during festivals, low quality of service, and deliberate vandalism. Although these problems are inevitable, they can be alleviated by guiding the public aware of the importance of preserving the museum's facility intact during a visit and training staff to address various situations.

In conclusion, it seems that, while free of charge access to museums can cause problems, the advantages of admitting to the museum for no charge are superior to its disadvantages. The local authority will be conscious of economic and social prospects for allowing people to visit museums for free. This would eventually generate a mutually beneficial relationship between families, the local government, and museums.


Teacher Modified:

Purchasing a ticket is a prerequisite to entering most museums, while the question of whether history, art, and science-themed exhibits should or should not require entrance fees for visitors is complex. I disagree with the notion that charging people for admission is preferable to no charges.

On the one hand, most locals are discouraged to visit any science, history, or art exhibitions because the ticket prices are often intimidating at a considerably foreigner-rate. In this case, the fees will only sever their diminishing interests to enter a gallery or exhibit. The threshold for entry to museums would be lowered if museums did not charge people for admission, thereby low-income families in urban areas could easily visit these facilities for expanding their world views and enriching their leisure activities. Additionally, entrance fees to local showcases or heritage sites are rather an insult to locals who are also taxpayers helping maintain such specialized public facilities. Local educational spots or facilities housing artifacts are inextricably bound up with local popularity. Free admission to museums could attract more people from other districts, which in turn would boost the reputation of the locality. 

Conversely, The ticket fees are what will separate the genuine enthusiasts from uninterested and bored visitors. Those who are genuinely interested in art, science and history archive facilities are the ones who will pay for the visit no matter what it costs. Free-of-charge results in a number of issues that cannot be easily resolved, such as overcrowding during festivals, low quality of service, and deliberate vandalism. 

In conclusion, it seems that, while free of charge access to museums can cause problems, the advantages of admitting to the exhibits and special venues for no charge are superior to its disadvantages. 


5th essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nowadays some people have anti-social behavior and lack respect to others.
What are the reasons? What are the solutions?

With the rapid development of human society, why certain individuals displayed detrimental behaviors has aroused widespread concerns in public. There appear to be two major reasons for this, and several appropriate methods of resolution, as we will discuss here. 

Perhaps the main cause is the electronic equipment addiction that enables people to isolate themselves from the world. This means that if they pay more attention to their mobile phones or video games, they are unable to distinguish between the real world and the virtual world. According to the latest study, people indulging in the digital world are more inclined to express violent tendencies or aggressive behaviors in their lives. A further cause could be attributed to unjust and inequitable treatment in society. The reason people exhibit disrespectful or hostile practices is in order to deliver their dissatisfaction since they are not treated with justice. For example, the protest marches taking place in France this year are against the policy that the authority intends to postpone retirement so as to mitigate the aging pressure.

Regarding potential solutions, probably the main remedy would be to enhance the awareness of the general public. For example, social media should be required to undertake more social responsibilities that frequently remind people of the negative influences arising from prolonged using electronic appliances. This could prevent people from being excessively stuck in cyberspace. Other solutions may be the government should strive to create a just environment for citizens, take more account into the interests of low-income people, and develop the economy to provide more employment opportunities for young adults. 

In conclusion, it seems that addiction to the virtual world and unfair living circumstances are the key factors behind disrespectful attitudes and anti-social behavior. Possible solutions would involve keeping in touch with the external world regularly and enlightened measures to ameliorate these kinds of adverse situations.


AI Modified:

With the rapid development of human society, why some individuals displayed detrimental behaviors has aroused widespread concerns in public. There appear to be two main reasons for this, and several appropriate methods of resolution, as we will discuss here. 

Perhaps the main cause is the electronic equipment addiction that isolates people from the world. This means that if they pay more attention to their mobile phones or video games, they will not be able to distinguish between the real world and the virtual world. According to the latest study, people indulging in the digital world are more inclined to express violent tendencies or aggressive behaviors in their lives. A further cause could be attributed to unjust and inequitable treatment in society. The reason people exhibit disrespectful or hostile practices is to demonstrate their dissatisfaction since they are not treated with justice. For example, the protest marches taking place in France this year are against the policy that the government intends to postpone the retirement age so as to mitigate the aging pressure.

Regarding potential solutions, probably the main remedy is to raise public health awareness. For example, social media should be required to undertake more social responsibilities that frequently remind people of the negative influences arising from prolonged using electronic appliances. This could prevent people from being excessively immersed in cyberspace. Other solutions may be the government should strive to create a just environment for citizens, take more account of the interests of low-income people, and develop the economy to provide more job opportunities for young adults. 

In conclusion, it seems that addiction to the virtual world and unfair living circumstances are the key factors behind disrespectful attitudes and anti-social behavior. Possible solutions would involve regularly keeping in touch with the external world and enlightened measures to ameliorate these adverse situations.


6th essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In most countries, prison is an effective solution for the problem of crime. Some people think a more effective solution is to provide a better education. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree?

A jail is the place imprisoning someone who did something resulting in severe consequences in society. To a large extent, I agree that a person committing a crime should learn crime-related knowledge first if his practice does not produce negative effects in public.

To begin with, learning legal knowledge is a primary method for people to correct their criminal behaviors. The reason for this is that most adolescents and certain adults are the lack of education to recognize their behaviors that are illegal. For example, a youngster who is under 15 in China would be obliged to study if he commited theft or fighting. Furthermore, educating provides an opportunity for those who first commit a crime to self-reflect. Perhaps forgiving them another time they might never repeat the commission of this crime, but it does not mean they are innocent. According to some research, enforcing a criminal to watch videos with law-related knowledge would be more appropriate option. 

On the other hand, detaining offenders in prisons in certain countries is the fastest way to stop him from acting the same one again. It does not require the local government to invest extra resouces in updating current legislation and training qualified staff. It is in fact understandable for a poor nation because of the lack of capital and stable political environment, which is the foundation to establishing those advanced legal systems. However, it is sometimes ruthless and unjust for people who merely commit a minor offence. Therefore, to punish a criminal more reasonably and fairly, the best strategy would be improving legal system capable of judging a person's crime based on the severity of the crime. 

In conclusion, it seems to me that raising legal consciousness continues to be a more effective way compared to imprisoning them. However, if their illegal acts have aroused widespread concern in society, they still have to be put in jails.


AI Modified:

Jail is the place to imprison people who did something resulting in severe consequences in society. To a large extent, I agree that a person should learn crime-related knowledge first after committing a crime if his offense does not produce serious negative effects in public.

To begin with, learning legal knowledge is a primary approach for people to correct their criminal behaviors. The reason for this is that certain people lack the ability to recognize their illegal behaviors. For example, a youngster under 15 in China would be obliged to receive legal education first if he committed theft or fighting. Furthermore, requiring wrongdoers to learn the law provides an opportunity for them to self-reflect. Perhaps by forgiving them another time, they might never repeat the commission of this crime, but it does not mean they are innocent. According to research, forcing a criminal to watch videos with law-related knowledge would be a more appropriate method. 

On the other hand, detaining offenders in prisons in certain countries is the most direct way to stop them from repeating the same offense again. The local government does not need to invest extra resources in updating current legislation and training qualified staff. It is understandable for a poor nation because of the lack of capital and a stable political environment, which is the foundation for establishing those advanced legal systems. Sometimes, though, it is ruthless and unjust to those who simply make a minor offense. Therefore, to punish a criminal more reasonably and fairly, the best strategy would be to improve the legal system capable of judging a person's crime based on the severity of the crime. 

In conclusion, it seems to me that raising legal consciousness continues to be a more effective way than jailing. However, if their illegal acts have aroused widespread concern in society, they still have to be put in jail.


7th essay --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some people think that sport is very important for society. Other, however, argue that it is nothing more than a leisure activity. 
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Sport has become one of the most popular outdoor pursuits for the past decades, and the question of whether it plays a significant role in human society is complex. I agree that athletic activities are indispensable in contemporary society.
 
To begin with, some argue that regularly engaging in sports are able to improve one's physical body condition. The reason for this is that spending time on outdoor activities can divert people's attention from various electronic appliances and video games so as to prevent them from eyestrain, smartphone addiction, and a sedentary lifestyle. The Bureau of Education in China, for example, requires students at school should participate in outdoor activities for at least 1 hour every day to lower the probability of suffering short-sightedness. Furthermore, sport can bring more promising economic prospects in poor households. More teenagers born into low-income families choose soccer, basketball, and swimming as their professions owing to its huge commercial value. A large number of athletic stars from the Africa is a good example. 

On the flip side, according to some groups, sport is useless in the development of human society. This is because human civilization is mainly based on the advancement of technology rather than sport. Gym class, for instance, is merely an optional course in most universities as opposed to science and technology related courses are regarded as mandatory subjects. Moreover, sport events can only attract people when they are free or secure. In other words, no one tends to pay much attention to who gains the first golden medal during the Olympic Game if they did not complete their job, or if they are suffering from existential threats such as famine, drought, and outbreaks of disease.

In conclusion, it seems to me that sport is an essential athletic event more than just being an entertainment. The destiny of certain individuals and families has been altered thoroughly because of it. We should not be dismissive of its importance in some fields.


AI Modified:
Sport has become one of the most popular outdoor pursuits for the past decades, while the question of whether it plays a significant role in human society is complex. I agree that athletic activities are indispensable in contemporary society.
 
To begin with, some argue that regularly engaging in sports is able to improve one's physical condition. The reason for this is that outdoor activities can divert people's attention from various electronic appliances and video games so as to prevent eyestrain, smartphone addiction, and a sedentary lifestyle. Bureau of Education in China requires, for example, students at school must participate in outdoor activities for at least 1 hour every day to lower the probability of short-sightedness. Furthermore, sports can bring more promising economic prospects to poor households. More teenagers born into low-income families choose soccer, basketball, and swimming as their professions owing to their huge commercial value. A large number of athletic stars from Africa is a prominent example. 

On the other hand, according to some groups, sport is useless in the development of human society. They think human civilization is mainly based on the advancement of technology rather than sport. Gym class, for instance, is merely an optional course in most universities, whereas science and technology-related courses are regarded as mandatory subjects. Moreover, sports events can only attract people when they are free or feel secure. In other words, no one tends to pay much attention to who will gain the first gold medal during the Olympic Games if they did not complete their work, or if they are suffering from existential threats such as famine, drought, and outbreaks of disease.

In conclusion, it seems to me that sport is more than a recreational activity but an essential event for people. The destiny of certain individuals and families has been altered totally because of it. We should not be dismissive of its importance in some fields.




