My answer N:
Example N:

My answer 1:
I agree students should be allowed to study what they want to learn and what interests them. Those courses they are interested in can motivate and encourage them to gain more knowledge and comprehend it deeper. If they gain what they are eager to learn, it will convert into interest to be the foundation for their successful future.

I do not hold on to the idea that schools should permit students to attain common knowledge and practical skills from the courses they long to study. School is the place to direct students on what they should or should not learn, what learning is or is not essential, and how to learn at their current age.


Example 1:

I agree that high school students should be able to choose their courses without any limitations. Students will pay more attention to their classes if they are learning what they want to know.

It is evident that students should not be allowed to take only the courses that they want to study. If they are given such options, they will take only easy courses and avoid possibly boring but important course.


My answer 2:
I firmly believe that various ways of wearing affect people’s behavior from different aspects. Diverse clothes of colors, styles, and textiles not only represent one’s personality and current emotion but also imply which ways of action they will express to others. The more colorful and brighter clothes a person wears, the more lively and optimistic personality a person is.

I do not hold on to the idea that different clothing styles do not determine one’s behavior. There are two reasons for this. First, how people conduct has nothing to do with how people dress. Also, which way of people’s behavior would display relies on their intrinsic nature but not their clothing styles.

Example 2:
I firmly believe that clothes change people's behavior. Students try not to get into trouble when they are wearing their school uniforms because they can be easily identified by their uniforms.

There is no question that human behavior has nothing to do with one's clothes. If we could change people's behavior with clothes, we would be able to reform criminals by changing their clothes.


My answer 3:
I firmly believe that the focus of present mass media is attracted more by the private life of celebrities and some public figures. It is easy to make the public ignore some significant current events if television, newspaper, and mass media take only notice of famous person’s personal lives.

I do not hold on to the idea that the personal lives of celebrities and public figures have been sufficiently exposed to the public by media organizations. They should reveal more about celebrities’ personal lives and individual behavior, which may be illegal or have negative effects on society so that these kinds of activities can be supervised by the public.


Example 3:
I am in favor of the idea that the mass media tend to dig excessively into the personal lives of famous people. I believe that we do not have to know what they do in their free time unless they commit crimes or harm one’s life.

In my view, it is unavoidable for public figures and celebrities to be exposed to the mass media. The media would not be interested in the private lives of those people if they were not famous.


My answer 4:
I support the idea that our world has become a more comfortable and convenient place to reside because of technological development. At present, computer and communication technological advancements can make people talk with their family and friends at a remote distance without face-to-face seeing required.

I am against the idea that technological development has made people live either easier or happier, and it has also made our mother earth become a better place. On the contrary, as technology develops rapidly, the life rhythm of modern humans has become so quickly that they do not have enough free time to relax. Moreover, our environment is facing severe problems.


Example 4:
I firmly believe that technology has made our lives more convenient. As a result of technology developments, we can even buy clothes on the Internet.

I am against the opinion that we have made the world a better place to live because of technology. In my experience, technology has only made our lives busier and more complex.


My answer 5:
I support the idea that taking part in a performance, concert and some other activities in person is more pleasurable than only watching it on television. It is well-known that people engaging in a live performance can enjoy a feast of visual and sound effects better than merely viewing it on television or the Internet.

I do not hold on to the opinion that it is more enjoyable to participate in a live performance than to watch it on TV. Because attending a live performance means you are obliged to cost much more money and spend more time preparing and planning it, such as booking a ticket in advance and rearranging your schedule.


AI Modified:
I agree that seeing a performance, concert, or other activity in person rather than just viewing it on television is more enjoyable. It is a well-known fact that attending a live performance allows one to experience a greater variety of visual and aural impacts than simply watching it on television or the internet.

I do not cling to the notion that attending a live performance is preferable to watching it on television. Because going to a live event requires you to spend more time and money planning, including purchasing a ticket in advance and altering your calendar.

Need to study:
I do not cling to the notion that ...




My answer 6:
I support the idea that studying history and literature is more worthwhile for students than studying science and mathematics. The reason is that students studying history are not only able to gain valuable experiences from our ancestors' accomplishments, but they can also cultivate their sentiments through literature to become future socially useful individuals.

I do not hold on to the idea that learning science and mathematics is not as essential as learning history and literature. The developments of our modern society mostly rely on scientific and mathematical accomplishments that human beings have gained over the past 100 years, and they will also be over the next 100 years. Therefore, students should pay more attention and spend more time on science and mathematics.


AI Modified:
I concur that pupils would benefit more from studying history and literature than science and math. Studying history allows students to gain valuable experience from our ancestors' accomplishments as well as cultivate their sentiments through literature to improve their social skills.

I reject the notion that studying history and literature is more important than math and science. In the past 100 years, human beings have gained many scientific and mathematical accomplishments that are essential to the development of our modern society, and they will remain so for the next 100 years as well. Students should therefore pay greater attention and devote more time to studying science and maths.




My answer 7:
I support the idea that people playing a game can feel pleasure and delight by winning the game. The most exciting and cheerful moment for athletes at the Olympic Games is when they conquer other competitors and win the game.

I do not believe losing a game means you cannot have fun and be happy. Suppose a track and field athlete lost a game in a match and merely gained second place. He could also feel fun and pleasure because he broke the best records in his whole sports career.


AI Modified:
I believe that winning a game can bring joy and satisfaction to those who are participating in it. Athletes' most thrilling and joyful moments at the Olympics are when they defeat opponents and win the match.

I do not think that losing a game prevents you from having fun and being happy. Consider a track and field athlete who finished second despite dropping a game in a competition. Because he set the best records of his entire sporting career, he was also able to experience delight and pleasure. 




My answer N:
Example N:


My answer 8:
I support the idea that borrowing money from a friend is not beneficial to maintaining a good friendship. In my experience, if a person borrows money frequently from friends and never thinks of paying the money back on time, nobody will want to make a friend with him again and keep a friendship with him.

I do not hold on to the idea that a friendship can be harmed or damaged by borrowing money from friends. For example, suppose a person whose mother or father suffers from a severe disease borrows money from his friends. In that case, I believe he will remember his friends' kindness forever and do the same thing to assist his friends if they experience a financial crisis in the future.


AI Modified:
I believe that borrowing money from a friend is not beneficial to maintaining a relationship. In my experience, no one will want to create or maintain a friendship with someone who constantly borrows money from friends and never considers paying the money back on time.

I do not believe that asking for financial assistance from friends may hurt or ruin a friendship. Assume, for instance, that someone asks his friends for financial assistance since their parent(s) has a terrible illness. In that event, I think he will never forget the generosity of his friends and will take the same action to help them in the future if they run into financial difficulties.


Need to study:
borrow money from sb = ask sb for financial assistance
financial crisis = financial difficulty



My answer 9:
Taking a solo trip would give me more freedom to make decisions by myself. Even so, I still wish to travel with my friends for safety reasons. From television and the Internet, I often hear the news that some people who travel alone are missing, injured, or even dead. Therefore, safety is the only and most significant consideration among all aspects.

Between traveling alone and traveling with a companion, I would prefer to travel alone for two reasons. First, I can decide where to go, what to eat, and how long to tour without taking into account others' opinions. In addition, it is easier for me to make new friends, pay more attention to gorgeous scenes and landscapes along the journey, and develop my independence simultaneously.


AI Modified:
I would have greater freedom to make my own judgments if I traveled alone. I still want to go on the trip with my friends, though, for safety reasons. I frequently learn about missing, hurt, or even deceased solo travelers through the media and the Internet. As a result, safety is the sole and most important factor to take into account.

I would choose to travel alone over traveling with a companion for two reasons. I can choose where to go, what to eat, and how long to travel without considering what other people think. Additionally, it is beneficial for me to grow my independence, make new friends, and pay more attention to the breathtaking scenery and landscapes along the way.


Need to study:
scenery = landscape
decision = judgement




My answer 10:
Between doing what I already do well and doing something new, I prefer to do what I do well. Because doing these kinds of things can make fewer mistakes and decrease the failure probabilities of what I am currently doing or what I plan to conduct. For example, my smartphone was released by the Xiaomi corporation, which usually reminds me to upgrade the cell phone system. Even so, I always avoid upgrading my cell phone systems since this will result in a greater risk that may cause a system crash, reduced battery life, or other issues if I approve.

It is well-known that a majority of people's life expectancies are less than 100 years. It implies that life is an adventure in which you are sometimes obliged to take risks and try new things, and a journey in which you can enjoy the gorgeous scenes and make new friends along the way. In other words, if you do not try to do something challenging and unfamiliar or break out of your comfort zone, you seem to have never existed in this world besides possessing one frail and sickly body that will decompose soon after you die. And you are similar to a zombie with no soul, no mind, and no emotion. This world is meaningless to you.


AI Modified:
When given a choice between doing what I already do well and trying something new, I choose the former. Because performing these things can help me make fewer mistakes and reduce the likelihood that what I'm doing now or what I have planned will fail. For instance, the Xiaomi company, which produced my smartphone, typically reminds me to upgrade the phone's operating system. Even so, I never upgrade the systems on my cell phones because doing so increases the possibility of a system crash, a reduction in battery life, or other problems if I give the go-ahead.

The majority of people's life expectancies are fewer than 100 years, which is a well-known fact. It symbolizes that life is an adventure where you occasionally have to take chances and attempt new things, as well as a journey where you can take in the beautiful scenery and meet new people along the route. To put it another way, if you don't strive to accomplish anything difficult and unknown or step outside of your comfort zone, you will appear to have never existed in this world and will only have a weak, diseased body that will deteriorate shortly after your death. In a way, you are like a zombie without a soul, thought, or feeling. You are pointless in this world.


Need to study:
meaningless = pointless
enjoy the gorgeous scenes = take in the beautiful scenery





My answer N:
Example N:



My answer 11:
Although people obtaining knowledge from teachers who are professionals in a specific field can save their study time, I still believe learning by myself is a better method for me because not only can I regulate the pace of studying, but it is beneficial to develop my independence and self-control ability when I learn by myself. There is a saying, "the master leads you to the door, the rest is up to you."

Teachers can sometimes assist us in how to find the most appropriate solution to a challenging issue and guide us on what content we should focus on or what not to focus on in textbooks. Moreover, more and more parents enroll their children in extracurricular classes during the holidays. Thus, learning from teachers is more helpful than learning by yourself.


AI Modified:
Although learning from teachers who are experts in a certain field can help students cut down on study time, I still think learning independently is a superior strategy for me since independent learning helps me strengthen my independence and self-control. "The master guides you to the door; the rest is up to you," is a proverb.

Teachers can occasionally offer advice on how to approach difficult problems and can direct us as to which textbook topics to emphasize or ignore. Additionally, more parents are enrolling their kids in extracurricular tuition classes over the holidays. Learning from teachers is, therefore, more beneficial than learning on your own.

Need study:
enroll sb in sth
a better method = a superior strategy
the best solution = the most appropriate solution = the most suitable solution




My answer 12:
It is reported that approximately 8 billion people live on earth today, but more than half of them suffer from starvation, diseases, inadequate housing, etcetera. Instead of investing a large amount of money in exploring outer space and exoplanets, the government should provide more capital and subsidies to deal with poverty and basic needs issues. 

As more revenues are invested in the space industry, we can already launch rockets and spacecraft to other planets and even land humans on the moon. As a result, without the support of NASA during SpaceX's start-up stage, I doubt that SpaceX would still exist today, and be able to execute its grand plan to launch more than 1000 manned Starships onto Mars next 50 years.


AI Modified:
According to estimates, there are currently 8 billion people on the planet, yet more than half of them are afflicted by hunger, diseases, insufficient shelter, etc. Thus, the government should allocate more funding and subsidies to address issues of poverty and fundamental needs rather than spending a significant amount on exploring space and exoplanets.

As more money is invested in the space business, we have already launched rockets and spacecraft to other planets and landed people on the moon. Therefore, I doubt that SpaceX would still be around today and be able to carry out its ambitious plan to launch more than 1000 manned Starships towards Mars over the next 50 years without NASA's assistance during SpaceX's start-up phase.

Need to study:
It is reported that = Is it said that = According to estimates, 





My answer 13:
In terms of working by hand versus using a machine, I prefer to work by hand because I can feel more satisfaction when I do things by hand. In my opinion, products made by hand are more memorable and valuable than those created by machines. Working by hand can better reflect human beings' intelligence and traditional culture than using machines.

It is evident that cooperating with machines can help produce stuff more effectively and efficiently. I can envision that the first Industrial Revolution would not emerge without the steam engine widely popularized two hundred years before. Thus, human society might still be stuck in the agricultural society where people had to make their living by hand.


AI Modified:
I prefer working by hand over utilizing a machine because I get a greater sense of satisfaction from doing things by hand. Products done by hand are, in my opinion, more valuable and memorable than those produced by machines. By contrast to using machines, working by hand can more accurately reflect human intelligence and traditional culture.

It is obvious that collaborating with machines can improve productivity and efficiency. There is no doubt that the first Industrial Revolution would not have emerged without the steam engine widely popularized two hundred years earlier. Consequently, humans might still be stuck in the agrarian society where they had to earn their living through manual labor.

Need to study:
In terms of A versus B, I prefer to A because ...
agricultural society = agrarian society





My answer 14:
The price of items made by hand is often higher than those made by machine. In other words, the more expensive a product is, the higher its collection value will be. For example, many museums are exceedingly eager to collect the authentic Mona Lisa's portrait because it was created by Leonardo da Vinci hundreds of years ago. However, nobody wishes to collect a counterfeit one manufactured by factory assembly lines.

Items produced by machines are usually cheaper than those made by hand, so they are affordable for most people, even the poor. Additionally, a machine-made product is easier to repair than a hand-crafted one, or we can simply discard the old one and purchase a new one if it cannot be repaired.

AI Modified:
Items manufactured by hand are frequently more expensive than those made by machines. In other words, the higher the price of a thing, the larger its collection value. For instance, because the original Mona Lisa's portrait was made by Leonardo da Vinci hundreds of years ago, many museums are incredibly keen to acquire it. A counterfeit one, however, made on assembly lines, is of no interest to anyone.

Since manufactured goods are typically less expensive than those crafted by hand, even the poorest individuals can afford them. Additionally, a machine-made product is easier to repair than a hand-crafted one, or we can simply discard the old one and purchase a new one if it cannot be repaired.

Need to study:
handmade = hand-crafted



My answer 15:
In my experience, living in a traditional house or a cottage is preferable to living in a modern apartment. The former means I may possess a garden where I can plant various flowers and vegetables in different seasons; a backyard where I can enjoy the sunshine and breathe the fresh air in the morning; and even a swimming pool where I can dive in the summer. Moreover, living in a house is more effortless to maintain relationships with neighbors.

In consideration of safety issues, I would rather dwell in a modern apartment instead of residing in a cottage since I can feel more sense of security, especially in the evening. Living in an apartment makes me not only enjoy the gorgeous scenery of the whole city and the light show at night, but also access to other places like the hospital and the supermarket would be more convenient.


AI Modified:
My personal opinion is that a traditional home or a cottage is preferable to a contemporary flat. The former suggests that I might have a garden where I can grow different flowers and vegetables throughout the year, a backyard where I can bask in the morning sun and breathe in the fresh air, and perhaps a swimming pool where I can go diving in the summer. Additionally, it is easier to establish friendships with neighbors when you live in a house.

When it comes to safety, I would choose to live in a modern apartment over a cottage since I can feel more secure there, especially at night. I would enjoy living in an apartment not only for the views of the city as well as the light show at night, but also for the convenience of access to other places like the hospital and the supermarket.


Need to study:
A is superior to B
I would enjoy v+ing not only for sth, but also for sth.



My answer N:
Example N:




My answer 16:
If you do not listen to others' advice or learn from their experiences, you probably get into trouble in life or at work. Moreover, the suggestions of family or friends would, in large measure, assist you in solving your current hardship or perplexity more effortlessly. As modern technology develops more sophisticated and abstract, it is evident that a person might still study at school when he or she is 50 years old without predecessors' counsel and experience.


In my opinion, learning about life through seeing with one's eyes and personal experience would make people digest these experiences more quickly and effectively. In other words, some valuable experiences can be utilized in other similar circumstances if we internalize them. Therefore, only by learning from individual experience can new technology and knowledge emerge in the near future.

AI Modified:
The likelihood is that you will get into trouble in your personal and professional life if you do not listen to other people's advice or learn from their experiences. Additionally, getting advice from relatives or friends would greatly help you resolve your current problem or conundrum more easily. It is evident that someone might continue to study in school at age 50 without the guidance and knowledge of predecessors as current technology becomes more sophisticated and abstract.

By learning about life by seeing with one's eyes and through personal experience, people would be able to absorb these experiences more quickly and efficiently. To put it another way, if we internalize some valuable experiences, we can apply them to other situations that are comparable to them. Therefore, the only way for new technology and knowledge to develop in the near future is by learning through personal experience.


Need to study:
The likelihood is that ...
The chances are that ...
To put it another way = In other words



My answer 17:
As computer technology rapidly develops these days, accessing the Internet is not a big deal for humans. Aside from basic functions like communication and listening to music, people can utilize the Internet to do a handful of meaningful things that emerged in recent years, such as watching live broadcasts, playing virtual reality games etcetera. Moreover, the Internet has some significant influences on other technological fields. It is imaginable that exploring outer space, autonomous driving technology, and some scientific research will not develop further without the Internet.


Although the emergence of the Internet has brought great conveniences to people in both life and work, much harmful and unhealthy information is hidden in the corner of the Internet. Suppose parents do not scrutinize what their children watch and read on the Internet; their kids will probably be affected by pornography and violent videos, which have been confirmed not to be beneficial for teenagers' physical and mental health.


AI Modified:
Accessing the Internet is not a big concern for humans these days because of how quickly computer technology is developing. People can use the Internet for a number of significant activities that have recently evolved, such as viewing live broadcasts, playing virtual reality games, etc., in addition to simple actions like communicating and listening to music. Additionally, there are also notable effects of the Internet on other technological sectors. Without the Internet, it is conceivable that technological advancements in driverless vehicles, science, and other fields will not occur.


Although the development of the Internet has provided people with many advantages in both their personal and professional lives, the Internet also contains a lot of unwholesome and hazardous information. If parents do not monitor what their kids read and view online, it is likely that their kids may be exposed to pornography and violent movies, which have been shown to be detrimental to the physical and mental health of teenagers.

Need to study:
in addtion to = aside from = apart from
It is conceivable that ... = It is imaginable that ...


My answer 18:
AI Modified:
In college, I would prefer to select a variety of disciplines rather than just one, as the former is better for expanding my horizons. Furthermore, the perception of boredom and tiredness that comes from concentrating on one subject can be somewhat countered by learning multiple things and being exposed to a range of knowledge. It is stated that taking multiple subjects in rotation rather than just one will increase your study productivity.


Choosing one subject over studying a variety of disciplines, in my opinion, is preferable since it gives me more time to concentrate on my mandatory subject and develop the professional abilities that will help me in my job. In addition, the more time and effort I invest in this subject, the better I comprehend and absorb it. According to the most recent job statistics, individuals who become proficient in a professional skill will have an advantage over those who merely have a cursory understanding of a variety of disciplines.

Need to study:
mandatory subject = compulsory subject = required coursework
V+ing A over v+ing B, in my opinion, is preferable since ...
acquire proficiency in ... = become proficient in ...


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My answer 19:
Money is a foundation of a family that suffers from starvation and diseases.
Your attention can be diverted from unpleasant things by focusing on work.
Even though a lazy person does not work hard, he might be successful because of luck.
There are more chances for children to expose to nature whose miracles can be perceived.
Children would show more confidence and behave more dynamic.

--->A family that is afflicted by disease and starvation extremely depends on money.
--->By concentrating on your work, you can divert your attention from unpleasant things.
--->Despite not putting forth much effort, a person may nevertheless succeed by chance.
--->Children have greater opportunities to be exposed to the nature.
--->Children would behave more dynamically and with greater self-assurance.


Example 18:




My answer 20:
I strongly agree that face-to-face communication is better than other types of communication.
It is more smoothly to share ideas with others when talking with others face-to-face.
You can feel more natural during face-to-face communication.
In my opinion, other communication tools would be more interesting and convenient than face-to-face communication.
It is more convenient to chat with each other even though one person is far away from the other one.
A business meeting between different countries would be more effective when using telephone calls.
In my experience, young people can learn more things from older people in both life and work.
Older people possess broader horizons that were formed from various circumstances.
Older people tend to behave more calmly and patiently when facing emergencies.

--->Face-to-face communication is superior to other forms of communication, and I thoroughly concur with this statement.
--->Face-to-face communication facilitates the sharing of ideas more effectively.
--->The face-to-face conversation might feel more natural to you.
--->Other forms of communication would, in my opinion, be more engaging and practical than face-to-face interactions.
--->Even though one person is far away from the other, it is more convenient to talk with one another.
--->The use of phone conversations would increase the effectiveness of a business meeting between nations.
--->In both life and the workplace, young people, in my opinion, may learn more from older people.
--->Older folks have broader perspectives that have been shaped by numerous experiences.
--->When faced with emergencies, older adults frequently act with more remarkable composure and patience.



My answer 21:

I thoroughly concur with this statement that human survival conditions have been significantly improved due to technology developed rapidly over a hundred years.
People can go wherever they want to go by various public transportation, like the automobile, train, and plane, which emerged from technological advancement.
Even if a long distance between friends and families, the emergence of computer and smartphone make remote communication possible.
With continuous technological breakthroughs, the productivity of human society has reached maximum throughout the history of mankind.
I do not hold on to the idea that allowing a friend to make a mistake is better for them than giving suggestions or doing something.
People will continue to make a mistake or an even bigger one if nobody tells them what the correct way to solve their issues is.
Without others' advice that has been proven to be more effective, an individual will never change because of his stubborn perspectives.
People would be eventually grateful to those people who give good ideas that are capable of reducing their economic loss on the stock market.



--->I wholeheartedly agree with the assertion that the rapid development of technology over the past one hundred years has considerably enhanced human survival conditions.
--->The development of numerous modes of public transportation, including the car, train, and airplane, has allowed people to travel anywhere they want to.
--->Even though there may be a great distance between friends and relatives, the development of computers and smartphones has made remote communication possible.
--->The production of human society has already been at its highest level, thanks to ongoing technological advancements.
--->I don't believe that letting a friend make a mistake is better for them than offering advice or taking action.
--->If no one tells people how to address their problems correctly, they will continue to make mistakes—or worse ones.
--->Because of his obstinate viewpoints, a person will never change without the assistance of others' advice, which has been shown to be more beneficial.
--->People will eventually be appreciative of those who offer wise suggestions that will lessen their financial losses on the stock market.



My answer 22:

It is reported that the sense of boredom and tiredness can be countered by learning various disciplines.
A person who is proficient in one subject will be more likely to get a job than those who merely have a cursory understanding of multiple disciplines.
I think that the significance of investing large amounts of money in computer technology is higher than wasting money on fixing basic needs.
Developing computer technology helps educate more technology experts who are beneficial to the country's future.
In my opinion, spending money on basic needs over investing in computer technology is preferable.
Solving the basic need issues of impoverished people will, to a large extent, boost the country's economic development.
I think that working in a large company would be more advantageous to developing a personal career than in a small company.
The chances are that a person's future career will be more promising by establishing good social relationships with other colleagues.


--->It has been said that mastering different subjects can help combat feelings of monotony and fatigue.
--->A person who excels in one field will have a higher chance of landing a job than someone who only has a passing familiarity with several fields.
--->I believe it is more important to spend much money on computer technology than it is to squander it on meeting necessities.
--->Developing computer technology aids in the education of more tech experts who are advantageous to the nation's future.
--->I believe that investing in computer technology is superior to spending money on necessities.
--->The nation's economic development will be significantly aided by addressing the basic needs of the poor.
--->Working for a big company, as opposed to a small one, would, in my opinion, be more beneficial for advancing one's career.
--->By building positive social connections with other coworkers, one's future career prospects are more likely to be promising.


My answer 23:

In my opinion, working for a small company is superior to working for a large company because of the following three reasons.
As the scale of the company is smaller compared to the large enterprise, a person in a small company is sometimes obliged to tackle several conundrums simultaneously; thus, he is capable of obtaining much more knowledge and experience in a short time.
Given a choice between eating out and eating at home, I prefer eating out because of the three factors below.
Compared with considering what kinds of food ingredients I should pick up and which type of cuisine I should cook at home, like Chinese and Japanese, it is more convenient to order at a restaurant; I can eat what I desire by just sending a command to an attendant.
When eating at a restaurant, it helps build a romantic ambiance between lovers to help the other one make a proposal more effortless.
Some problems, such as lining up and worrying about time, would never happen when eating at home.
Eating at home means a safer and more private environment where people can unworriedly share secrets with their intimate friends.



--->Because of the following three factors, I believe working for a small business is preferable to working for a large one.
--->A person at a small firm may need to deal with multiple problems at once due to the lower scale of the business compared to a huge corporation; as a result, he might quickly get a great deal of knowledge and expertise.
--->If I had to choose between eating out and cooking at home, I would choose to dine out because of the following three reasons.
--->It is easier to place an order at a restaurant than it is to think about what food ingredients to buy and what cuisines, like Chinese and Japanese, to prepare at home. All I have to do is tell the wait staff what I want to eat.
--->Eating out with a partner might assist create a romantic atmosphere that will make the other person's proposal easier.
--->Some issues, like waiting in lines and stressing about time, wouldn't arise when eating at home.
--->Eating in one's home creates a more secure and private setting where close friends can confide in one another without fear.



My answer 24:

From my perspective, I prefer traveling with a friend to traveling alone for the following three reasons.
We can take care of each other and are capable of tackling some urgent situations.
If a period of pleasant and exciting experience cannot be shared with others, traveling is meaningless for a person, which is not as good as staying at home.
I would rather take on a solo trip than travel with a companion.
I can make some decisions easily without considering others' feelings.
Some people, for example, are more willing to enjoy solitude, which they believe can easily relieve their nerves from high work pressure.
There is no truth in the statement that information obtained via the Internet could cause unwholesome issues for people.
Some knowledge on the Internet can boost students' study effect if they do not catch up in class.
Some significant current events and regulations involving personal interests assist people in understanding the world around them.
By just sending messages to the forum, I can make some friends with common interests more quickly; or by inserting a commercial on Google, I can attract potential consumers to purchase commodities to develop my business.



--->For the following three reasons, I think traveling with a friend is preferable to traveling by yourself.
--->We are able to look out for one another and handle certain urgent situations.
--->Traveling loses its purpose for a person if a period of enjoyable and thrilling experience cannot be shared with others, which is inferior to staying at home.
--->Instead of traveling with a friend, I would prefer to go alone.
--->Without taking into account the feelings of others, I can make some decisions with ease.
--->Some people, for instance, are more inclined to enjoy solitude because they think it might help them relax after a stressful day at work.
--->The claim that knowledge gleaned from the Internet could lead to unwholesome consequences for people is untrue.
--->Having some Internet knowledge can help pupils study more effectively if they fall behind in class.
--->Some important current affairs and laws influencing personal interests help people to understand their surroundings.
--->Simply by submitting messages to the forum, I can find some like-minded people more rapidly. Alternatively, by placing an ad on Google, I may draw --->in new customers who will buy my products and help my business grow.



My answer 25:
In terms of outdoor activities versus indoor campaigns, I prefer to spend my leisure time on indoor campaigns.
As opposed to outdoor activities, in which people are often hurt, indoor activities can, to a large extent, prevent people from injuries.
When planning an indoor activity, we no longer have to take into account the weather conditions.
The company only needs to invest a small amount of money, which can construct a tiny amusement room to meet employees' basic entertainment needs, instead of wasting energy and money on organizing outdoor activities.


--->I would rather spend my free time engaging in inside activities as opposed to outdoor pursuits.
--->Indoor activities can, to a significant part, reduce accidents compared to outdoor activities, where injuries are frequently sustained.
--->The weather is no longer a factor to be considered while organizing an indoor activity.
--->Instead of wasting time and resources planning outdoor activities, the corporation only needs to invest a little money to build a tiny amusement room to satisfy the basic entertainment demands of the staff.



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Universities and colleges are now offering qualifications through distance learning from the Internet rather than teachers in the classroom. 
Do you think the advantages of this development outweigh the disadvantages?

1, Discuss the advantages of offering qualifications through distance learning from the Internet.
2, Discuss the disadvantages of offering qualifications through distance learning from the Internet.
3, Give your opinion if its advantages are better than its disadvantages.

With the continuous development of Internet technology, people can gain university certificates by learning remotely aside from attending educational institutions in person. My opinion is that the merits of obtaining a diploma or credentials by learning online are superior to its drawbacks. 


Some people think children have the freedom to make mistakes, while other people believe that adults should prevent children from making mistakes.
Discuss both sides and give your opinion.

1, Discuss some people think children have the freedom to make mistakes.
2, Discuss other people believe that adults should prevent children from making mistakes.
3, Give your opinion about this.

Since adolescents are not mature enough to distinguish between right and wrong during their formative stages, teaching them how to form correct behavior patterns is essential for parents. I believe that allowing youngsters to make minor mistakes is necessary to develop positive personalities as long as they do not violate the standards of morality.




-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Today, advanced science and technology have made great changes to people's life, but artists such as musicians, painters and writers are still highly valued. What can arts tell us about life that science and technology cannot?

1, Discuss what arts can tell us about life.
2, Discuss what science and technology cannot tell us about life.
3, Give you opinion about what arts can tell us about life.

With technology and science increasingly being able to provide more convenient facilities and fashion lifestyle for modern people, some say influences of drawing, music, and sculpture are reducing when they think of the significance of life. My opinion is that there will always be a place for arts on modern society. In this essay the arts to the mearning of life will be discussed.

AI modified:
With technology and science increasingly being able to provide more convenient facilities and fashion lifestyles for modern people, some say the influences of drawing, music, and sculpture are decreasing when they think of the essence of life. My opinion is that there will always be a place for the arts in modern society. In this essay, the significance of the arts to life will be discussed.




It will be better to have wide use of driverless cars for individuals and society. To what extent do you agree or disagree with the statement?

driverless cars = autonomous vehicles = self-driving cars

As technology of the Internet and industry continuously develops on modern society, the self-driving car is increasingly emerging its advantages. To a large extent, I agree that the popularity of this kind of vehicle will significantly transform the ways of people commuting in the foreseeable future, despite some of its drawbacks. 

AI modified:
As the technology of the Internet and industry continuously develops in modern society, the self-driving car is increasingly exhibiting its advantages. To a large extent, I agree that the popularity of this type of vehicle will significantly transform the ways that people commute in the foreseeable future, despite some of its drawbacks.



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In education and employment, some people work harder than others. Why do some people work harder? Is it always a good thing to work hard?

1, Discuss why some people work harder.
2, Discuss the good and bad side of working hard.
3, Give you opinion whether working hard is a good thing.

With the increase in employment pressure in modern society, improving work efficiency and work overtime are the best direct options for a small group of employees to enhance their competitiveness to avoid joblessness. In this essay, the reason for why some express this kind of practice and whether it is a good or bad behavior will be discussed. 

AI modified:
Due to the increasing employment pressure in some countries, improving work efficiency and working overtime are some of the direct options for employees to enhance their competitiveness and avoid joblessness. In this essay, the reason why some exhibit this kind of practice and whether it is a good or bad behavior will be discussed. 


Young people are leaving their homes from rural areas to study or work in the cities. What are the reasons? Do advantages of this development outweight its disadvantages?

1, Discuss the advantages of this development that people decided to study or work in the cities.
2, Discuss the disadvantages of this devlopment that people decided to sutudy or work in the cities.
3, Discuss the reason for this phenomenon.
4, Discuss the advantages of this development outweigh its disadvantages.

As the standards of living young adults pursuit are largely different compared with their parental generation, most of them are moving from the countrysides to urban areas to start their new life. In this essay, the reason for this phenomenon and whether its merits are better than its drawbacks will be discussed. 

AI modified:
As the quality of living standards young adults pursue is significantly different from their parental generation, most of them who grew up in the countryside are moving into urban areas to start their new lives. In this essay, the reason for this phenomenon and whether its merits are superior to its drawbacks will be discussed. 



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some people think that younger people are not suitable for important positions in government. Others think that it will be a good idea for younger people to take on these positions. 
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

1, Discuss younger people are not suitable for important positions in government.
2, Discuss it will be a good idea for younger people to take on these positions.
3, Give your own opinion about this.

The civil servant is a significant and special profession for employees working in the government department, and the question of whether imperative and urgent tasks should or should not be delivered to young adults is complex. I agree that critical posts are not appropriate for young employees before they accumulate enough related work experiences.

AI modified:
The civil servant is a significant and unique profession for every country, and the question of whether essential tasks should be delivered to young adults is complex. I agree that critical posts are not appropriate for young employees before they accumulate enough related work experience.


Some people think governments should spend money in looking for life on other planets, while others think that there are many unsolved problems on earth. 
Discuss both views and give your opinion.

1, Discuss governments should spend money in looking for life on other planets.
2, Discuss there are many unsolved problems on earth that need to be addressed by the government.
3, Give your own opinion about this.

With the continuous advancement of space technology, the question of whether nations should or should not invest large amounts of money in searching for extraterrestrial creatures outside of Earth arises fierce debates in the contemporary society. I agree that developing countries should deal with people's basic needs first rather than exploring outer space.

AI modified:
With the continuous advancement of space technology, the question of whether nations should invest large amounts of money in searching for creatures outside of Earth has aroused fierce debates in contemporary society. I agree that developing countries should put a priority on dealing with people's basic needs rather than exploring outer space.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1, More and more people no longer read newspaper or watch TV programs to get news. 
They get news about the world through the Internet. Is this a positive or negative development?

Gaining information online is becoming a major way in which citizens worldwide understand what happened around the world. I agree the tendency of access to the Internet to obtain current events is a positive development.

AI modified:
Getting information online is becoming a primary way in which citizens worldwide understand what is happening in the world. I agree that the tendency of access to the Internet to obtain current events is a positive development.




2, Some people say that advertising has positive economic effects. Others think it has negative social effects because it will make people feel dissatisfied with who they are and what they have.
Discuss both views and give your own opinion.


Commercials serve as providing the basic information about a product so that consumers can properly purchase commodities based on their demands. The question of whether advertisements benefit social development is complex. I agree commercials can bring positive effects on society as long as the information posted on them is trusted.

AI modified:
A commercial serves to provide basic information about a product so that consumers can purchase the right one based on their needs. And the question of whether advertisements benefit social development is complex. I agree that commercials can produce positive effects on society as long as the information posted is healthy and trusted.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1, Most of the urgent problems can only be solved with international cooperation. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Certain significant affairs need of countries around the world binding together to deal with. To a large extent, I agree critical issues involving national interests can only be tackled through mutual collaboration, as long as they are not politically sensitive.

AI modified:
Some significant matters are in need of countries around the world binding together to deal with. To a large extent, I agree that critical issues involving national interests can be tackled through mutual collaboration if they are not politically sensitive.


2, Some people believe that rich countries should provide poorer countries with other types of help rather than financial aid.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?

One of the advantages of globalization is developing nations can obtain assistance from developed nations when they face severe natural disasters. To a large extent, I agree developed nations should afford various aspects of supports to developing nations, not limited to economic assistance.

AI modified:
One of the advantages of globalization is that developing nations can obtain assistance from developed nations when they face severe natural disasters. To a large extent, I agree that developed nations should offer various aspects of support to developing ones, not limited to economic assistance.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1, Music has always been and countinues to be the universal language of mankind.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Music being as a pleasant and exciting sound provides a special bridge for people from different cultures to exchange ideas with ease. To a large extent, I agree that these wonderful sounds play a significant role in the history of human communication, despite its status has been weakened in certain areas.

Music is a bridge of emotional communication for folks from different countries.
Melodious sounds are able to appease people's nervous mood and assist them release pshychological pressure. 

AI modified:
Music being a pleasant and exciting sound provides a unique bridge for people with various cultural backgrounds to exchange ideas with ease. To a large extent, I agree that these wonderful sounds continue to play a significant role in the history of human communication, despite the fact that its status has been weakened in certain areas.

Music is a bridge of emotional communication for people.
Melodious sounds are able to soothe one's nervous moods and alleviate psychological pressure. 


2, Some people think that cultural traditions will be destroyed when they are used as money-making machines aimed at tourists, other people believes that it is the only way to save such traditions in the world today. 
Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.

Conventional culture plays a significant role in many countries, and the question of whether it will disappear in the future due to excessive commercialization is complex. To a large extent, I agree that customs would never be evaporated in modern society, despite some negative effects we have to face.

AI modified:
Conventional culture plays a significant role in many countries, and the question of whether it will disappear in the future due to excessive commercialization is complex. To a large extent, I agree that customs will never be spoiled in modern society, despite some adverse effects we are facing.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1, In recent years, "responsible tourists" have paid attention to preserving both culture and environment of the places they visit. However, some people say that it is impossible to be a "responsible tourist". 
To what extent do you agree of disagree?

Respecting local culture and keeping natural environement intact are two positive behavior patterns while traveling, and doing these are feasible for every visitors. I almost entirely disagree with the idea that every individuals cannot become a friendly and educated traveler.

Every one is able to contribute to conserve the regional ecosystem unspoiled even he/she is not a conservationist.
Propagating the serious consequences of disobeying local mores and polluting environment might lower the possibility of being an irresponsible visitor. 

AI modified:
Respecting local culture and keeping the natural environment intact are two positive behavior patterns while traveling, which are feasible for every visitor. I almost entirely disagree with the idea that every individual cannot become a friendly and welcoming traveler.

Everyone can contribute to conserving the natural ecosystem even if he/she is not a conservationist.
Informing the consequences of disobeying local mores and polluting the environment can reduce the number of irresponsible visitors. 



2, In some countries many young people choose to work or travel for a year between finishing high school and starting university studies.
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages.

The gap year is a significant period of time for students in rich nations, though it is inadvisable for those who come from developing ones particularly the poor ones. In my opinion, I suggest that students born into low-income households do not take a gap year prior to attending college.

Traveling and gaining a part-time job are not capable of bringing forth any benefits to youngsters coming from poor families.
Spending one year on busy work and access to somewhere can weaken students' learning enthusiasm and ability to study after stepping into college.

AI modified:
The gap year is a popular activity for students in developed nations, though it is not recommended for those who come from developing nations, particularly the poor ones. In my opinion, I suggest that students born into low-income households do not take a gap year before attending college.

Traveling and gaining a part-time job are not likely to offer any benefits to youngsters from poor families.
Having one year of work and touring prior to stepping into college can weaken students' learning enthusiasm and ability to study.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1, More and more plastic is polluting cities, countryside and oceans. What are the problems caused by plastic waste? What measures should be taken to solve it?

Plastic pollution is becoming one of the serious environmental problems that contaminates the earth's ecosystem and endangers human's survival recently. There appear to be two main causes of this, and several appropriate solutions, as we will discuss here. 

Perhaps the main cause is the exponential increase in the number of global population over the past decades.
A further cause could be the living standard of citizens worldwide has improved largely with the rapid development of technology.

Regarding potential solutions, probably the main remedy is to subsidize more competent high-tech corporations so as to invent more degradable plastic materials as soon as possible.
Other solutions may be promoting the consequences of plastic pollution to inspire more people aware of this issue, recommending other better alternatives to reduce the usage frequency of plastic products, and raising the consciousness of conserving the environment in general public.

AI modified:
Plastic pollution is now regarded as one of the most serious environmental problems that threatens the earth's ecosystem and human survival. There appear to be two main causes of this, and several appropriate solutions, as we will discuss here. 

Perhaps the primary cause is the exponential increase in the number of the global population over the past decades.
A further cause could be, with the rapid development of technology, the living standard of citizens worldwide has improved largely.

Regarding potential solutions, probably the main remedy is to subsidize more competent high-tech corporations so as to invent new plastic materials with shorter degradable times as soon as possible.
Other solutions might include promoting the negative impacts of plastic pollution, recommending other better alternatives for plastics, and raising the consciousness of conserving the environment in the general public.



2, Damage to the environment is an inevitable consequence of the improvement in the standard of living. 
To what extent do you agree or disagree.

The desire that people are eager to gain more comfortable living conditions continues to confict with the expectation of keeping the natural ecosystem intact. To a large extent, I agree that the continuous development of human society could cause a series of environmental issues, but their negative effects can be minimized by certain ways.

To begin with, no country can make a direct transition from a non-industrialized country to an industrialized one throughout human history. 
Furthermore, polluting environment in certain developing countries is the most rapid and effective methods to catch up developed ones.

AI modified:
In part, the desire of people to gain more comfortable living conditions conflicts with the expectation of keeping the natural ecosystem intact. To a large extent, I agree that the continuous development of human society could cause a series of environmental issues, but its negative effects can be minimized in certain ways.

To begin with, throughout human history, no country was capable of making the transition from a non-industrialized country to an industrialized one without spoiling the environment. 
Furthermore, sacrificing the environment is the most rapid and effective method for developing countries to catch up with developed ones.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Research says more and more business training and business meeting are taking place online. Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages?

With the development of Internet technology, more companies and institutes tend to organize professional conferences and learning courses on the Internet. I agree that the merits of holding such online activities are superior to its drawbacks due to the following aspects.

To begin with, holding a conference on the Web requires less time than holding the analogous activity in the physical venue owing to the convenience of the advanced Internet technology, especially during pandemics.
Secondly, organizing a meeting or training online significantly lowers sponsors' costs compared with offline events. It means that organizers can invest more capital in other aspects of the activity, such as providing more engaging topics and interesting interactions.
Last but not least, participants can exit and enter the conference or training anytime without interfering with others.

In conclusion, it seems to me that more flexible time arrangements, better budget control, and freedom to leave and attend the activity are three benefits of online activities that offline cannot match.




An increasing number of people are changing their careers. What are the reasons? Do you think it is positive or negative?

Changing jobs is a common means for citizens to pursue better living conditions in contemporary society today. There are diverse reasons that can explain this phenomenon. I agree that this kind of conduct can generate benefits not only for society but also for ordinary men themselves.

To begin with, one major reason that people alter their careers is unequal wage levels in the job market. A further cause could be attributed to a repetitive and monotonous working conditions.
Consequently, individuals deciding to shift from one career path to another might be a suitable option for them to make their new life. This is because they may have worked in the previous workplace too long to make profits or feed their households owing to intense competition. For example, many factory owners in China are more willing to establish a new factory that produces different products to earn. Furthermore, an employee takes a new opportunity which in turn offers an extra position for others. This means that the mobility of talent can create a positive and prosperous employment climate, in which younger staff can be inspired to work more enthusiastically and stymie the popularity of the lie-flat culture that has been happening in China these days.

In conclusion, it seems to me that lower salary levels and boring work settings are two primary reasons why more people are inclined to change their professions. However, this kind of trend is not always adverse, and we should not downplay its potential advantages.